particular whale he pursued; however this was, or whether his
Jackal was gone.
Boyle thou first i'th' charmed pot
could ever say with tongues or swords.  Among other things they
Cape Horn."
As the white-robed figure went upward in his white chariot, he

31:4 And Jacob sent and called Rachel and Leah to the field unto his
By ten o'clock the whole party was assembled at
to appear in one of the outer rooms, because he had to receive

essayed.  Listen to what the best and latest authorities have laid

evanescent.  The permanent constitutional condition of the
the tulip which Maurice had given to Arthur appeared conspicuously
17:11 And now I am no more in the world, but these are in the world,

the one genuine hero among Mr Swinburne's heroes, was killed,

8:33 Now on the fourth day was the silver and the gold and the vessels
goodly cedar: and under it shall dwell all fowl of every wing; in the
before any of them actually came into being.  No wonder then, that in
his well-sounding name, enabled Sir Walter at last to prepare his pen,
"Man my boat!" cried Ahab, impetuously, and tossing about the oars
have I dried up all the rivers of the besieged places.
son Joseph, and said unto him, If now I have found grace in thy sight,

father, I am Esau thy first born; I have done according as thou badest


of purifying upon them, and let them shave all their flesh, and let
a whoring after the gods of the people of the land, whom God destroyed
 A mark in every face I meet,
whose surname is Peter; 11:14 Who shall tell thee words, whereby thou
exactly what's the matter with him; but he keeps close inside the

consequence, the voyages were not so prolonged, and were also much
These are scientific commentaries; but the commentaries of the

that they may be to you for a memorial before your God: I am the LORD
     That something beautiful must befall
--Foams and ferments the wine? it serves to purify--while the heart
Around the idea of thee the war revolving,


how soon it may be wanted?"

Foundst either sweet repast, or sound repose; 
his way.
and have done perversely, we have committed wickedness; 8:48 And so

of this excellent hotel and its simple and unpretentious exterior.
and in the vineyards there shall be no singing, neither shall there be
thy commandments which thou hast commanded me: I have not transgressed

unto him men, and women, and children, and of the poor of the land, of
consuming them, or taking away one particle from their compacted aged
Joab, Let not this thing displease thee, for the sword devoureth one
me.
25:12 And thou shalt cast four rings of gold for it, and put them in
All things please the soul, but these please the soul well.
bury thy dead.
friends as Lucy and me!--I think she might see US;
feebly imagine what the carriages were; it was enough for them to
Dwellers in cabins among the Californian mountains or by the little
tabernacle of the congregation: and thou shalt cleanse them, and offer


patience.
   Ham. No, beleeue mee 'tis very cold, the winde is
quiet, and peaceable; for they of Ham had dwelt there of old.
them; and they shall know that I am the LORD.
of some infernal cathedral, or like a grove of red tropical trees
sudden delight, she would have moved towards him instantly,
shall sell unto thee: 25:16 According to the multitude of years thou
Jebusite.

let it come into his bowels like water, and like oil into his bones.


Giant-Maidens, and with them the broken millstones. And he bade them
40:7 Gird up thy loins now like a man: I will demand of thee, and
both gone off and locked your baggage in for safe keeping.  La! la,
48:4 And by the border of Naphtali, from the east side unto the west
[To U. S. G. return'd from his World's Tour]
Yet Grace must still looke so
Undaunted, to meet there whatever Power 
     Up the airy mountain,
    telegraph stretching across the continent,

To tempt or punish mortals, except whom 
vex certain of the church.
you, I know you not whence ye are: 13:26 Then shall ye begin to say,
advantages and accommodations were attached to its size, he could
of what she felt; and before breakfast was ready, they had
Hearken unto me, ye men of Shechem, that God may hearken unto you.
one horrible, solid block of humanitarianism.  You will find men
That's a white man; he calls that fun: humph!  I save my sweat.
for the mouth of the LORD hath spoken it.
   Ham. You are welcome
Farm.  No offence, madam, I hope; but I have a good snug farm house, not
that Elias must first come?  17:11 And Jesus answered and said unto
   Ham. The point envenom'd too,
"SIGNOR Francisco!" repeated the lad with disdain.  "Well, let us hear
letter, Death himself might well have been the post-boy.
with his lips.
Will you not little shells to the tympans of temples held,
or tumbled out into the garden.  The figure was much longer, leaner,
as they speak; I will put upon you none other burden.

recover of this disease.
Hence, by inference, it has been believed by some whalemen, that the
Out of its robes only this, the red robes lifted by the arm,
down, nor when she arose.
everlasting kindness will I have mercy on thee, saith the LORD thy
shown to the figure by the people bustling by.  He did not
all the injury of a poisonous atmosphere.  In fact, as I have
Corpses rise, gashes heal, fastenings roll from me.
out of their hands.
22:16 And now why tarriest thou? arise, and be baptized, and wash away
78:29 So they did eat, and were well filled: for he gave them their
still to lead them to the last, they in some way, by some subtle
to engage those who talk most, the young and the low; and all

after a pause,--"they are certainly married.  And your mother
Theresa, with rapture.  "Mr. Frederick, you'll make me die with laughing!
house; and I was delivered of a child with her in the house.
18:19 Yet say ye, Why? doth not the son bear the iniquity of the
afflicted with the jaundice, or some other infirmity.  Whether this

My own in thee, for what thou art is mine; 
[BOOK XXXII.  FROM NOON TO STARRY NIGHT]

By tongue of brute, and human sense expressed? 
66:8 O bless our God, ye people, and make the voice of his praise to
   Cath. Well, march we on,
One day, after the forty years, he had a great longing to know how far
she had been used to sit and preside, she had no sigh of that description
"All night a wide-awake watch was kept by all the officers, forward
thou me.
the Archbishop of Canterbury's daughter will be married in
such cruel sights the longer visible.
a way of one cubit; and their doors toward the north.


come together.
I, and that Tongue of his, that bad the Romans




greatly puzzled about the angle in the wall at the end, and also
painter--"I, that am padrona of the well, must in times of scarcity do
"God bless ye, and have ye in His holy keeping, men," murmured old

sackcloth and ashes under him? wilt thou call this a fast, and an
having seen several wells, in which the water had evidently decreased,
1:18 And straightway they forsook their nets, and followed him.
for or I professed an unbounded affection, to be miserable
*From beginning to end.
Composed these songs.
possession, unto the praise of his glory.



16:10 Salute Apelles approved in Christ. Salute them which are of
2:5 The LORD was as an enemy: he hath swallowed up Israel, he hath
under which she acted, in putting an end to it.  Had she not

and influenced, in a like degree, the engagements
'I don't like the look of it at all,' said the King: 'however, it may

"Poor fellow! poor fellow! and from his wife," sighed Mayhew; "but

Our state cannot be severed; we are one, 
5:13 Is any among you afflicted? let him pray. Is any merry? let him
them.


know.  No later than yesterday she threw down my nine-pins in one of her
37:21 The wicked borroweth, and payeth not again: but the righteous
admirable sugar-plums ever sold in Naples."
their laden branches; all the shrubs, and ferns, and grasses; the

Shall tend thee, and the fertile burden ease 

and there was so striking a change in all this, and such an
"Did you ever have your likeness taken, Harriet?" said she: "did
The Queen smiled and passed on.

and was reduced to form a wish which she had never foreseen;
deep enough in familiar vulgarity?  She calls you, Knightley--what can
Aloof the vulgar constellations thick, 
perceive him not.

begun to fall, thou shalt not prevail against him, but shalt surely
   4. Caesars better parts,

into your magnificent garden to throw ourselves on your
not to speak to her for the world.  In such circumstances,
   Bru. Good words are better then bad strokes Octauius
THIS EBOOK IS OTHERWISE PROVIDED TO YOU "AS-IS". NO OTHER

It was too much; Jove was angry at their stupidity at last. "I will give
change of sentiment could account for it.  Her indignation
Though not but by the Spirit understood. 
I speak the pass-word primeval, I give the sign of democracy,
123:1 Unto thee lift I up mine eyes, O thou that dwellest in the
A curious and most puzzling question might be started concerning this
slow of Saile, we put on a compelled Valour. In the Grapple, I
With pity, violated not their bliss. 

ill voyage! ill begun, ill continued; let me square the yards, while

decided it.
of every week, they were prevailed on to stay nearly two
the right-hand bit to try the effect: the next moment she felt a violent
time in my life I do not feel superior to God."

strong: but as for you, no man hath been able to stand before you unto



stop spinning that yarn to me--I'm not green."
down the streets to the sea, the coin clenched tight in my fist,

out of the skin, or out of the warp, or out of the woof: 13:57 And if

the people; and much people of Israel died.
that story of Narcissus, who because he could not grasp the
On that solemn night (it may be their last) those that know me seek me.




for his sake, in a situation of extreme difficulty and uneasiness,

A party was formed this evening for going on the
ex-Marquis had pulled the old straw hat over his eyes, and the

therefore have I made thee a reproach unto the heathen, and a mocking
land: 37:22 And I will make them one nation in the land upon the
his prosperity did not excite much envy, or command any additional
Israel, that they put out of the camp every leper, and every one that
On businesse to my Brother Cassius
and made the best of her way by a short cut back to Highbury.
their mother wash up and sew, they used to go to the big barn to play;
be a fancy of her own.  I see nobody else looking like her!--
For euer, and for euer, farewell Cassius,
men were in the wilderness of Maon, in the plain on the south of
unhinged lower jaw; not the miracle of his symmetrical tail; none of
his house: for this thing is done of me. And they obeyed the words of
    and print,
Well then, just step forward there, and take a peep over the
last he rose and made his way out of the hotel into Leicester
20:13 And the sea gave up the dead which were in it; and death and
God and Father of all, who is above all, and through all, and in you
to Abraham, or to his seed, through the law, but through the
return to the LORD their God, nor seek him for all this.
cut him off from among his people.
planted _all_ radishes?"
Scena Quinta.
Daggoo, was the Squire of little Flask, who looked like a chess-man
was recommencing, and she was forced to seem to restore her attention
Susan, that if it was not paid then, I should keep the hen, and so I
which must have been usually administered by his travelling companion;
"No later back, ma'am, than last May morning," said he, "as my daughter
There is none that understandeth, there is none that seeketh after
Though without number still, amidst the hall 
     on another, and have no doubt of being as happy with
father, he shall surely live.
84:9 Behold, O God our shield, and look upon the face of thine
Sphered in a radiant cloud, for yet the sun 
7:8 Of clean beasts, and of beasts that are not clean, and of fowls,
21:32 Who immediately took soldiers and centurions, and ran down unto

And it was entirely for HER sake, and upon HER account,
     The doctor regarded the new-comer with a restrained astonishment,

redeem them that were under the law, that we might receive the
circle preliminary to scalping him.  He was naturally a very nervous,
11:11 They shall tremble as a bird out of Egypt, and as a dove out of
lion, and the army of Dublin pursued the tailor and his wife, and it was
offering: they shall also prepare a young bullock, and a ram out of

25:11 And he shall spread forth his hands in the midst of them, as he
146:10 The LORD shall reign for ever, even thy God, O Zion, unto all
and honour.
fixed for it, curiously enough because he did it in the same manner
that he was gone.  She was just in time to see him turn into
who were present.  She left the fair as soon as she could; and though she
We are going to the Indian and Pacific Oceans, and would prefer not
17:19 O LORD, for thy servant's sake, and according to thine own

His glance is calm and commanding, he tosses the slouch of his hat
Strong both against the Deed: Then, as his Host,
14:6 And Joshua the son of Nun, and Caleb the son of Jephunneh, which
use it very well.
word that was sown in their hearts.
face of his original guide, was typical of all these types. Each
unto you all, and to all the people of Israel, that by the name of
Massinger, who wrote the _Virgin Martyr_, from Shakespeare, who

the city, but was without in desert places: and they came to him from
By word or action marked. About them round 
most convenient.
a syllable of it before, of course it must have been a dream.  I am
she was obliged to pause before she answered, and at last obliged
must not be hoped, but everything was going on as well
all clean.
the boat which was hoisted up there, a little above the ship's side.


and "York Tan" were bringing down and displaying on the counter,
1:1  Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ by the will of God,
of her displeasure for a while by owning the truth?"

are not waxen old upon you, and thy shoe is not waxen old upon thy
25:18 Look upon mine affliction and my pain; and forgive all my sins.

looked forward to; but he had gone steadily on, with these objects
By the mechanic's wife with her babe at her nipple interceding for
    to drink,
My story, which perhaps thou hast not heard; 

to have you all meet so!--Our little room so honoured!"
"I wish you could persuade Mary not to be always fancying herself ill,"

and escaped, and came to Samuel to Ramah, and told him all that Saul
had above a barrel of herrings in his belly. ...  One of our
15:10 And he called the multitude, and said unto them, Hear, and
    the breaking,
again spoke:--
blue, and of purple, and of scarlet, and of fine twined linen, shalt

he replied,

one corner of it: 'No room! No room!' they cried out when they saw Alice
He had been in Bath about a fortnight; (he had passed through Bath
them,--however it was, they seemed to follow that one boat without

he comes to some very interesting part of his narrative, he dexterously


7:45 Then came the officers to the chief priests and Pharisees; and

Wonderland, though she knew she had but to open them again, and all
With wonder, but delight, and, as is due, 
shall seem good unto thee.

Mean while in Paradise the hellish pair 
gods, which thou hast not known, thou, nor thy fathers; 13:7 Namely,
which will at once suit her and myself.  She goes into the warm bath
I see the filaments of the news of the wars, deaths, losses, gains,
feel no anger; you have done me no injury."
When he came away, she was going to walk out with Captain Benwick,

appearing exactly right.
them which have reaped are entered into the ears of the Lord of
anywhere else."
18:3 And David smote Hadarezer king of Zobah unto Hamath, as he went
Shaded with branching palm, each Order bright, 
23:31 Ye shall do no manner of work: it shall be a statute for ever
which I did; but he said I did not hit it, and bade me give him up my
But of that, unfortunately, there could be no chance.
heaven, shineth unto the other part under heaven; so shall also the
This night to play before him
Sennacherib king of Assyria I have heard.
Her Maiden strewments, and the bringing home
nothing written on the OUTSIDE.' He unfolded the paper as he spoke, and
semi-circular depression in the cleat, and with the carpenter's
    where they are sunk with heavy stones, (I know the buoys,)

With righteous plea, their utmost vigilance 

The saloon of the steamer! the crowded excursion for me! the
about besought him to depart from them; for they were taken with great

4:11 I am afraid of you, lest I have bestowed upon you labour in vain.
And with thy bloodie and inuisible Hand

John observed with great contentment.  Willoughby took
souls of them that were slain for the word of God, and for the
the dross of silver.

smartened up by the present proprietor; and, such as it was,

The Lord be with you all.
bearing.

to equal her sisters at a more advanced period of life.
12:14 Follow peace with all men, and holiness, without which no man
"My God," he exclaimed in French, "I know what this place is now!

of whalebone, say three hundred on a side, which depending from the
and he saw his best policy quite plain in front of him like a white
greatness is grown, and reacheth unto heaven, and thy dominion to the

perfect indifference and apparent unconsciousness, among the only three
       Where on the deck my Captain lies,
CHAPTER 12
 So he took his wings, and fled;
there, and destroyed them utterly unto this day, and dwelt in their
135:2 Ye that stand in the house of the LORD, in the courts of the
So smooths her charming tones, that God's own ear 

    reach is in you this hour, and myths and tales the same,
The pain of absence from thy sight.  But strange 
"Indeed you are mistaken there, sir; I should never augur want of spirit
upon their inner centre, as if to pile themselves up in one common
the still struggling ringleader was shoved up into the air by his

LORD hath sent me to Jericho. And he said, As the LORD liveth, and as
saith the LORD of hosts, the God of Israel; If ye wholly set your

Haue added slaughter to the Sword of Traitors
    land, have drawn men's eyes,
spread much abroad in the skin, then the priest shall pronounce him
Pleased highly those infernal States, and joy 
cherries too!  Lord! nothing seems to do her any good.
when he thus silently burst the barrier between land and water.

The visitors took their leave; and Charles, having civilly seen them off,


For these disguises did not disguise, but reveal.
She had no hope, nothing to deserve the name of hope, that he could
proposed to the two Canallers, thus far apparently of one mind with
and dreams.

8:7 And he put upon him the coat, and girded him with the girdle, and
was from the LORD, that he might perform his saying, which the LORD
Raised on a mount, with pyramids and towers 
But, indeed, to say that I am a portrait painter is an inadequate
7:7 The world cannot hate you; but me it hateth, because I testify of
And shadows, of that destined Seed to bruise 
Singing with open mouths their strong melodious songs.
the helm, huskily demanding how the ship was heading.
and he must have travelled a great way, for his shoes are quite worn
comprehensive classification, if only an easy outline one for the
13:22 A good man leaveth an inheritance to his children's children:
The Sermon.

Syme had to explain how they had fled with such swiftness through
doors were shut.
  Rosin. I my Lord, they stay vpon your patience
executioner.
2:6 And thou, son of man, be not afraid of them, neither be afraid of
evening with renewed ardour to their amusements, and retired to rest


humiliation.  Men who have escaped death by a hair have it, and
delighted. And the very first thing she said, when her father told her

CHAPTER 19
15:12 And again, Esaias saith, There shall be a root of Jesse, and he
his bed.
from their ant-hill in the sea, overrun and conquered the watery
"I should call it uncommonly thin.  But that's the queer thing
that this Tiger should eat me up, after I have just freed him from a
     "Oh yes, we can, my dear," said the Major, looking at her
7:5 And the Egyptians shall know that I am the LORD, when I stretch
them that remain of this evil family, which remain in all the places
17:19 These waited on the king, beside those whom the king put in the
of the children of men: 7:15 But my mercy shall not depart away from
     explain the grounds on which you acted, and I shall
God, in the mountain of his holiness.
like a barnacle; yea, till poor Queequeg took his last long dive.
struggle with any poverty for him; but I love him too well
Then when the work was over, the tailor went to the king and told him to


The hillside whiten'd with blossoms of the mountain ash,

Light as the lightning glimpse they ran, they flew; 
preternatural spread over the sea, however unattended with any

picking the daisies, when suddenly a White Rabbit with pink eyes ran
thing that is in heaven above, or that is in the earth beneath, or
Would ruffle vp your Spirits, and put a Tongue
somehow a most melancholy!  All noble things are touched with that.
thy unnamable imminglings float beneath me here; I am buoyed by
of the entire subject may induce in some minds, as to the natural
nothing that does not answer.
yet not by word, for never was there a human creature who would



shark's tooth, that miraculous intricacy of wooden net-work has been
make them a forest, and the beasts of the field shall eat them.



In tradition and in poetry , the marriage bed is a place of unity and harmony . The partners each bring to it unselfish love , and each takes away an equal share of pleasure and joy . At its most ecstatic moments , husband and wife are elevated far above worldly cares . Everything else is closed away . This is the ideal . But marriage experts say that such mutual contribution and mutual joy are seldom achieved . Instead one partner or the other dominates the sexual relationship . In the past , it has been the husband who has been dominant and the wife passive . But today there are signs that these roles are being reversed . In a growing number of American homes , marriage counselors report , the wife is taking a commanding role in sexual relationships . It is she who decides the time , the place , the surroundings , and the frequency of the sexual act . It is she who says aye or nay to the intimate questions of sexual technique and mechanics -- not the husband . The whole act is tailored to her pleasure , and not to theirs . Beyond a certain point , of course , no woman can be dominant -- nature has seen to that . But there is little doubt that in many marriages the wife is boss of the marital bed . Of course , there remain many `` old-fashioned '' marriages in which the husband maintains his supremacy . Yet even in these marriages , psychologists say , wives are asserting themselves more strongly . The meekest , most submissive wife of today is a tiger by her mother's or grandmother's standards . To many experts , this trend was inevitable . They consider it simply a sign of our times . Our society has `` emancipated '' the woman , giving her new independence and new authority . It is only natural that she assert herself in the sexual role . `` The sexual relationship does not exist in a vacuum '' , declares Dr. Mary Steichen Calderone , medical director of the Planned Parenthood Federation of America and author of the recent book , Release From Sexual Tensions . `` It reflects what is going on in other areas of the marriage and in society itself . A world in which wives have taken a more active role is likely to produce sexual relationships in which wives are more self-assertive , too '' . Yet many psychologists and marriage counselors agree that domination of the sex relationship by one partner or the other can be unhealthy and even dangerous . It can , in fact , wreck a marriage . When a husband is sexually selfish and heedless of his wife's desires , she is cheated of the fulfillment and pleasure nature intended for her . And she begins to regard him as savage , bestial and unworthy . On the other hand , wifely supremacy demeans the husband , saps his self-respect , and robs him of his masculinity . He is a target of ridicule to his wife , and often -- since private affairs rarely remain private -- to the outside world as well . `` A marriage can survive almost any kind of stress except an open and direct challenge to the husband's maleness '' , declares Dr. Calderone . This opinion is supported by one of the nation's leading psychiatrists , Dr. Maurice E. Linden , director of the Mental Health Division of the Philadelphia Department of Public Health . `` When the roles of husband and wife are reversed , so that the wife becomes leader and the husband follower '' , Dr. Linden says , `` the effects on their whole relationship , sexual and otherwise , can be disastrous '' . In one extreme case , cited by a Pittsburgh psychologist , an office worker's wife refused to have sexual relations with her husband unless he bought her the luxuries she demanded . To win her favors , her husband first took an additional job , then desperately began to embezzle from his employer . Caught at last , he was sentenced to prison . While he was in custody his wife divorced him . More typical is the case of a suburban Long Island housewife described by a marriage counselor . This woman repeatedly complained she was `` too tired '' for marital relations . To please her , her husband assumed some of the domestic chores . Finally , he was cooking , washing dishes , bathing the children , and even ironing -- and still his wife refused to have relations as often as he desired them . One wife , described by a New York psychologist , so dominated her husband that she actually placed their sexual relationship on a schedule , writing it down right between the weekly PTA meetings and the Thursday-night neighborhood card parties . Another put sex on a dollars-and-cents basis . After every money argument , she rebuffed her husband's overtures until the matter was settled in her favor . Experts say the partners in marriages like these can almost be typed . The wife is likely to be young , sophisticated , smart as a whip -- often a girl who has sacrificed a promising career for marriage . She knows the power of the sex urge and how to use it to manipulate her husband . The husband is usually a well-educated professional , preoccupied with his job -- often an organization man whose motto for getting ahead is : `` Don't rock the boat '' . Sometimes this leads to his becoming demandingly dominant in marriage . Hemmed in on the job and unable to assert himself , he uses the sex act so he can be supreme in at least one area . More often , though , he is so accustomed to submitting to authority on the job without argument that he lives by the same rule at home . Some psychologists , in fact , suggest that career-bound husbands often are more to blame for topsy-turvy marriages than their wives . The wife's attempt at control , these psychologists contend , is sometimes merely a pathetic effort to compel her husband to pay as much attention to her as he does to his job . Naturally no woman can ever completely monopolize the sexual initiative . Unless her husband also desires sex , the act cannot be consummated . Generally , however , in such marriages as those cited , the husband is at his wife's mercy . `` The pattern '' , says Dr. Morton Schillinger , psychologist at New York's Lincoln Institute for Psychotherapy , `` is for the husband to hover about anxiously and eagerly , virtually trembling in his hope that she will flash him the signal that tonight is the night '' . No one seriously contends , of course , that the domineering wife is , sexually speaking , a new character in our world . After all , the henpecked husband with his shrewish wife is a comic figure of long standing , in literature and on the stage , as Dr. Schillinger points out . There is no evidence that these Milquetoasts became suddenly emboldened when they crossed the threshhold of the master bedroom . Furthermore , Dr. Calderone says , a certain number of docile , retiring men always have been around . They aren't `` frigid '' and they aren't homosexual ; ; they're just restrained in all of life . They like to be dominated . One such man once confided to Dr. Theodor Reik , New York psychiatrist , that he preferred to have his wife the sexual aggressor . Asked why , he replied primly : `` Because that's no activity for a gentleman '' . But such cases were , in the past , unusual . Society here and abroad has been built around the dominating male -- even the Bible appears to endorse the concept . Family survival on our own Western frontier , for example , could quite literally depend on a man's strength and ability to bring home the bacon ; ; and the dependent wife seldom questioned his judgment about anything , including the marriage bed . This carried over into the more urbanized late 19th and early 20th centuries , when the man ruled the roost in the best bull-roaring Life With Father manner . In those days , a wife had mighty few rights in the domestic sphere and even fewer in the sexual sphere . `` Grandma wasn't expected to like it '' , Dr. Marion Hilliard , the late Toronto gynecologist , once summed up the attitude of the '90s . Wives of the period shamefacedly thought of themselves as `` used '' by their husbands -- and , history indicates , they often quite literally were . When was the turning point ? ? When did women begin to assert themselves sexually ? ? Some date it from woman suffrage , others from when women first began to challenge men in the marketplace , still others from the era of the emancipated flapper and bathtub gin . Virtually everyone agrees , however , that the trend toward female sexual aggressiveness was tremendously accelerated with the postwar rush to the suburbs . Left alone while her husband was miles away in the city , the modern wife assumed more and more duties normally reserved for the male . Circumstances gave her almost undisputed sway over child-rearing , money-handling and home maintenance . She found she could cope with all kinds of problems for which she was once considered too helpless . She liked this taste of authority and independence , and , with darkness , was not likely to give it up . `` Very few wives '' , says Dr. Calderone , `` who balance the checkbook , fix the car , choose where the family will live and deal with the tradesmen , are suddenly going to become submissive where sex is concerned . A woman who dominates other family affairs will dominate the sexual relationship as well '' . And an additional factor was helping to make women more sexually self-assertive -- the comparatively recent discovery of the true depths of female desire and response . Marriage manuals and women's magazine articles began to stress the importance of the female climax . They began to describe in detail the woman's capacity for response . In fact , the noted psychologist and sex researcher , Dr. Albert Ellis , has declared flatly that women are `` sexually superior '' to men . According to Dr. Ellis , the average 20-year-old American woman is capable of far greater sexual arousal than her partner . Not surprisingly , Dr. Ellis says , some recently enlightened wives are out to claim these capabilities . Yet , paradoxically , according to Dr. Maurice Linden , many wives despise their husbands for not standing up to them . An aggressive woman wants a man to demand , not knuckle under . `` When the husband becomes passive in the face of his wife's aggressiveness '' , Dr. Linden says , `` the wife , in turn , finds him inadequate . Often she fails to gain sexual satisfaction '' . One such wife , Dr. Linden says , became disgusted with her weak husband and flurried through a series of extramarital affairs in the hope of finding a stronger man . But her personality was such that each affair lasted only until that lover , too , had been conquered and reduced to passivity . Then the wife bed-hopped to the next on the list . In some cases , however , domination of the sex act by one partner can be temporary , triggered by a passing but urgent emotional need . Thus a man who is butting a stone wall at the office may become unusually aggressive in bed -- the one place he can still be champion . If his on-the-job problems work out , he may return to his old pattern . Sometimes a burst of aggressiveness will sweep over a man -- or his wife -- because he or she feels age creeping up . On the other hand , a husband who always has been vigorous and assertive may suddenly become passive -- asking , psychologists say , for reassurance that his wife still finds him desirable . Or a wife may make sudden demands that she be courted , flattered or coaxed , simply because she needs her ego lifted . In any case , Dr. Calderone remarks , such problems are a couple's own affair , and can't always be measured by a general yardstick . `` As long as the couple is in agreement in their approach to sex , it makes little difference if one or the other dominates '' , Dr. Calderone declares . `` The important point is that both be satisfied with the adjustment '' . Other experts say , however , that if sexual domination by one or the other partner exists for longer than a brief period , it is likely to shake the marriage . And just as domination today often begins with the wife , so the cure generally must lie with the husband . `` To get a marriage back where it belongs '' , comments Dr. Schillinger of the Lincoln Institute , `` the husband must take some very basic steps . He must begin , paradoxically , by becoming more selfish . He must become more expressive of his own desires , more demanding and less ' understanding ' '' . Too many husbands , Dr. Schillinger continues , worry about `` how well they're doing '' , and fear that their success depends on some trick or technique of sexual play .

stones. Sometimes the plough struck a hidden stone, and then the man was
word to the seamen at the whip, up comes the bucket again, all
most deplorable mistake!--What is to be done?"
the counsellors, and the captains, have consulted together to
By and by
III. The Duel of Dr Hirsch
49:13 Sing, O heavens; and be joyful, O earth; and break forth into
cannot behold him: he hideth himself on the right hand, that I cannot
29:19 The meek also shall increase their joy in the LORD, and the poor
small farm in it, where two women lived. In them he should find two
all the rest of her life.  Her second duty now, inferior only to her

them that was not gone over Jordan.
O me while I stride ahead, material, visible, imperious as ever;
3:3 Can two walk together, except they be agreed?  3:4 Will a lion
considerest not the beam that is in thine own eye?  7:4 Or how wilt
Israel, and carried them over with them unto the place where they
But a day spent in sitting shivering over the fire
9:23 At the beginning of thy supplications the commandment came forth,
The shape of the planks of the family home, the home of the friendly
17:6 And the Lord said, If ye had faith as a grain of mustard seed, ye
Responsive to our summons,
and as soon as he came home every morning he performed his task with so
   Other. Will you ha the truth on't: if this had not
this city, and burn it with the houses, upon whose roofs they have
at first.  But she soon saw how likely it was that Lucy,
16:27 Glory and honour are in his presence; strength and gladness are
lessen her alarms, and combat her resentment.  The first
This further consolation yet secure 

that he may live: Whoso killeth his neighbour ignorantly, whom he
own account had been given, he had expressed his indignation

Attends the boystrous Ruine. Neuer alone
"On your side, my love, it was very innocently done.  But she

dwell there: for why should thy servant dwell in the royal city with
the house of Ahab, and found the princes of Judah, and the sons of the
    has done exceedingly well for himself without doubt,
and he shall rise up at the voice of the bird, and all the daughters
1:26 If any man among you seem to be religious, and bridleth not his
swimming about over the watery world, surroundingly accompanied by
Emma could not but rejoice to hear that she had a fault.
in all their ways!  These valuable pictures of yours, Sir Walter,

to captivity; and such as are for the sword to the sword.
recommend their all removing to Donwell, and leaving Hartfield
Exeunt.
but half baffled Channel billows only recoil from the base of the
7:22 The children of Hashum, three hundred twenty and eight.
my will.  "Queequeg," said I, "come along, you shall be my lawyer,
System of Nature, A.D. 1776, Linnaeus declares, "I hereby separate
was at once commanded to do Queequeg's bidding, whatever it might
3:12 Therefore shall Zion for your sake be plowed as a field, and
Elizabeth was, for a short time, suffering a good deal.
"If Mr. Perry can tell me how to convey a wife and five children
of the populace than to the pursuit of some private investigation of--"

newes too: Murrellus and Flauius, for pulling Scarffes

4:17 And have no root in themselves, and so endure but for a time:
pomegranates upon the hem of the robe, round about between the

and the main body of the crew striking up a wild chorus, now commence
oil and so on vanished with the cruet and the burglar."

out rolled the new ball which had been given to him just before he left
Shimeath an Ammonitess, and Jehozabad the son of Shimrith a Moabitess.
could not take our good name from us.  But I will not tell you how it all

to announce the death of Mrs. Churchill!  Though her nephew
he began to talk to her of Lyme, wanting to compare opinions
8:2 And I took unto me faithful witnesses to record, Uriah the priest,
take the most fenced cities: and the arms of the south shall not
not consumed.
more, that in the mouth of two or three witnesses every word may be
of going there again himself, it was only seventeen miles from Uppercross;
bands: whoso pleaseth God shall escape from her; but the sinner shall
11:11 And it was broken in that day: and so the poor of the flock that
30:12 Wherefore thus saith the Holy One of Israel, Because ye despise
half an hour, when their dining-room, spacious as it was,
"They are very pretty, ma'am--an't they?" But then again,
27:14 Wait on the LORD: be of good courage, and he shall strengthen
desolate without man or beast; it is given into the hand of the
work in one volume; but whose mysteries not even himself could read,

especially as the fourth man still hovered near the house,


your philosophy of dirt and rats. You can make nothing. You can
solicitude on Marianne's feeling, in her head and throat,
Enter Ahab; to Him, Stubb.
 Then the Parson might preach, and drink, and sing,
lie down with the kid; and the calf and the young lion and the fatling
but when this emotion had passed away, she added,
the trespass offering, and it shall be forgiven him.
feast; for so used the young men to do.
20:35 And after this did Jehoshaphat king of Judah join himself with
3:17 I said in mine heart, God shall judge the righteous and the
In them these skies and airs, these mountain peaks, Shasta, Nevadas,
thereof was threescore cubits, and the breadth thereof twenty cubits,
give it to the doers of the work which is in the house of the LORD, to

walked for about half an hour in the ups and downs of those
For some reason or other the platform had given way under Father Brown,
Edward will marry Lucy; he will marry a woman superior
How now Ophelia, what's the matter?
think very seriously; but Mr Elliot appeared to me quite as good as others,

Moreover, while in most other animals that I can now think of, the
10:15 And Saul's uncle said, Tell me, I pray thee, what Samuel said


and disposition he could ever attach her.  There, however,
of the LORD, and all the altars that he had built in the mount of the
and their cords, and all the instruments of their service, and all
them, and they shall dwell in the midst of Jerusalem: and they shall
as the bullets went through Bull's hat. We may all be killed, but
not many hours after the magnet scene, and he remembered how his

9:26 And Gaal the son of Ebed came with his brethren, and went over to
you must consider me as having a secret which was to be kept
9:9 Live joyfully with the wife whom thou lovest all the days of the
astonishment.  "Why should you--no, I must tell her, of
either at her friend or herself.  The part which provoked her most,
course of their drive, Mrs. Weston had, by gentle encouragement,

at least.  She must be attached to you, or she would not

three unanswerable reasons for disliking Colonel Brandon;

the city round about:) and they went by the way of the plain.
grains into claret, to flavor it.

"No!" said Syme violently, "I don't believe he'd do it. Not with
We are two fishes swimming in the sea together,
place where the feet of the priests which bare the ark of the covenant


harper!  Well, play us a tune, if you can play ever a good one--play me--
into her air; and of fancying what the observations of all those

for himself.

unwalled villages; I will go to them that are at rest, that dwell
of having been induced to marry him, as made her shudder at the idea
and Roman togas, and on the other side a few very vulgar Catholic
from under thee?  22:28 Remove not the ancient landmark, which thy
Some in the north finding their way to Erie, Niagara, Ottawa,
than he had begun to feel himself, though alive, not at liberty.
while the others were dancing.  His eyes were fixed
posterity, and will cut off from Ahab him that pisseth against the
away.
1:7 All the rivers run into the sea; yet the sea is not full; unto the
begin at once to grind salt, for of this he had very scanty store.
then the Rabbit's voice along--'Catch him, you by the hedge!' then



The messenger there arous'd, the fire, the sweet hell within,
a moment's regret.  But "they should meet again.  He would look for her,
and what little matter Mr. Steele and Mr. Pratt can


6:33 And if ye do good to them which do good to you, what thank have

But neuer Doubt, I loue.
the son of Adaiah, the son of Joiarib, the son of Zechariah, the son
must be the whaleman's allies; for of what present avail to the
In Hispahan; or where the Russian Ksar 
caused all this evil to come upon them: 32:24 Behold the mounts, they
17:20 And when he was demanded of the Pharisees, when the kingdom of
in
Sem, which was the son of Noe, which was the son of Lamech, 3:37 Which
   1. Bring him with Triumph home vnto his house
the livelong nights shrouded with thick darkness which might cover
this great tempest is upon you.
One hot summer morning a little Cloud rose out of the sea and floated
"Dear me! but what shall you do? how shall you employ yourself
She gained on them, however, involuntarily:  the child's pace was quick,
and they feared as they entered into the cloud.

stand before the children of Anak!  9:3 Understand therefore this day,
saying, 14:58 We heard him say, I will destroy this temple that is

`` Bastards '' , he would say , `` all I did was put a beat to that Vivaldi stuff , and the first chair clobbered me '' ! ! Since then , and since the pure grain had gotten him divorced from every decent -- and even indecent -- group from Greenwich Village to the Embarcadero , he had become a sucker-rolling freight-jumper . `` There ain't nothin' faster , or lonelier , or more direct than a cannonball freight when you wanna go someplace '' , Feathertop would say . `` The accommodations may not be the poshest , but man ! ! There ain't nobody askin' for your ticket stub , neither '' . He had been conning the freights for a long , long time now . Ever since the hooch , and the trouble with the Quartet , and Midge and the child . Ever since all that . It had been a very long time that had no form and no end . He was -- as he told himself in the vernacular of a trade no longer his own -- riding the dark train out . Out and out and never to return again . Till one day the last freight had been jumped , the last pint had been killed , the last beat had been rapped . That was the day it ended . The freight car was cold , early in the morning . He was pressed far back into the corner of the car on his hay sacks , the rattling and tinning of the wheels on the rails almost covering the sound of his ocarina . He held his elbows away from his body , and the little sweet potato trilled neatly and sweetly as he tickled its tune-belly . The train slowed at a road crossing , and the big door slid open ; ; at first gratingly , caught by grains of corn -- then with a clash into its slot . The boy lifted the girl by the waist and set her on the lip of the floor . She pulled her legs up under her , to rise , her full peasant skirt drawing up her thighs , and Feathertop's music pfffted away . `` Now that is a very nice , a very nice '' , he murmured to himself , back in his corner . A little thing , but the right twist for the action that counted . Hot , that was the word , hot ! ! Hair like a morning-frightened sparrow's wings , with the sun shining down over them . A poet , yet ! ! His thoughts for the swanlike neck , the full , high breasts , the slim waist , and the long legs were less than poetic , however . Zingggg-O ! ! Then the boy straight-armed himself up , twisting at the last moment so he landed sitting . He was less to see , but Feathertop took him in , too , just to keep the records straight . Curly hair , high cheekbones , wide gnomelike mouth , a pair of drummer's blocky hands , and a body that said well , maybe I can wrestle you for ten minutes -- but then I'm finished . `` We made it , Cappy '' , the chick said . `` Yeah , seems so , don't it '' , the boy laughed , hugging her close . `` Ah-ah '' ! ! Feathertop interrupted , standing up , brushing the pig offal from his dirty pants . `` None of that . We run a respectable house here '' . They whirled and saw him , standing there dim in the slatted light from the boarded freight wall . He was big , and filthy , and his toes stuck out of the flapping tops of his shoes . He held the black plastic kazoo lightly . `` Come sit '' , said Feathertop , motioning them toward him . `` That crap is softer over here '' . The girl smiled , and started forward . The boy yanked her back hard , tugging her off her feet , and gathered her into the crook of his arm . `` Now stay with me , Kitty '' , he snapped irritably . `` I vowed to take care of you -- and that's what I'm gonna do . We don't know this guy '' . `` Oooo , square bit '' , Feathertop screwed his face up . This guy was strictly from Outsville . But nowhere ! ! `` What is with this vow jazz '' ? ? Feathertop inquired , lounging against the freight's vibrating wall . `` We -- we eloped '' , Cappy said . His head came up and he said it defiantly . `` Well , congratulations '' . Feathertop made an elaborate motion with his hand . These two were going to be easy pickins . They couldn't have much dough , but then none of the freight-bums Feathertop rolled had much . And besides , the chick had a little something the others didn't have . That was gonna be fun collecting ! ! But not just yet . Feathertop was a connoisseur . He liked to savor his meat before he tasted it . `` Come sit '' , he repeated , motioning to the piled hay bags , over the pig leavings . `` I'm just a poor ex-jazz man , name of -- uh -- Boyd Smith '' . He grinned at them wolfishly . `` That ain't your name , Mister '' , the boy accused . `` And you know -- you're right '' ! ! Feathertop aimed a finger at him . `` Oh , come on , Cappy '' , the girl chided . `` He's okay . He's a nice guy '' . She started to move toward the hay bags , dragging the reluctant Cappy behind her . Feathertop watched the smooth scissoring of her slim , trim legs as she walked to the bags , and tucked them beneath her , smoothing the skirt out in a wide circle . He cleared his throat ; ; it had been a long , hot while since he'd seen anything as nice as this within grabbin' distance . He had it all doped , of course . Slug the kid , grab his dough -- at least enough to get to Philadelphia -- and then have a rockin' ball with the doll . Hmm -- diddle ! ! `` Where'd you come from , Mr. -- uh -- Mr. Smith '' ? ? Kitty inquired politely . `` Where from '' ? ? He mused . `` Out . I been riding train for a ways now '' . They lapsed into silence , and the freight wallowed up a hill , scooted down the other side , shaking and clanking to itself . After a while , Kitty murmured something to Cappy , and he held her close , answering , `` We'll just have to wait till we pull into Philly , honey '' . `` What's the matter , she wanna go the bathroom '' ? ? Ernie found it immensely funny . The boy scowled at him , and the girl looked shocked . `` No ! ! Certainly not , I mean , no that isn't what I said '' ! ! She snapped at him . `` I only said I was hungry . We haven't had anything to eat all day '' . Joviality suffused Feathertop Ernie Cargill's voice as he reached behind him , pulling out a battered carpet bag , with leather handles . `` Whyn't ya say so , fellow travelers ! ! Why , we got dinner right here . C'mon , buddy , help me set up the kitchen and we'll have food in a minute or two '' . Cappy looked wary , but he moved off the floorboards and followed the dirty ex-musician to the center of the refuse-littered boxcar . Ernie crouched and opened the carpet bag . He took out a small packet filled with bits of charcoal , a deep pot of thin metal , some sheets of newspaper , a book of matches and a wrinkled and many-times folded piece of tin foil with holes in it . He put the charcoal in the pot , lit the paper with the matches , and carefully stretched the tin foil across the top of the pot . `` A charcoal pit , man '' , he said , indicating the slightly-smoking makeshift brazier . `` Fan it '' , he told Cappy , handing him a sheet of newspaper . `` Yeah , but what're we gonna eat ? ? Charcoal '' ? ? `` Fella '' , Ernie waggled a dirty finger at the younger man , `` you try my ever-lovin' patience '' . He reached once more into the carpet bag and brought up a package of wieners . `` Hot dogs , man . Not the greatest , but they stick to your belly insides '' . He ripped down the cellophane carefully , and laid three dogs on the tin foil . Almost immediately they began to sizzle . He looked up and grinned . `` A Kroger's self-serve '' , he explained . `` I self-served '' . When they had licked the last of the wieners' taste from their fingers , they settled back , and Cappy offered Ernie a cigarette . Nice kid , Ernie thought , too bad . `` How come you're riding the rods , kids like you '' ? ? Ernie asked . Cappy looked down at his wide hands , and did not reply . But surprisingly , Kitty's face came up and she said , `` My father . He didn't want us to get married . So we ran away '' . `` Why didn't he want you to get hitched '' ? ? This time even she did not answer . She looked down at her hands , too . After a few seconds , she said , `` Dad didn't like Cappy . It was my fault '' . Cappy's head came around sharply . `` Your fault , hell ! ! It was all my fault . If I'd been careful it never woulda '' -- he stopped abruptly . Ernie's eyebrows went up . `` What's the matter '' ? ? The girl still did not raise her eyes , but she added simply , `` I'm pregnant '' . Cappy raged at himself . `` Oh he was stupid , her old man ! ! You never heard nothin' like it : Kitty's gonna go have an abortion , and Kitty's gonna go away to a convent , and Kitty's this and Kitty's that like he was nuts or somethin' , y'know '' ? ? Ernie nodded . This was a slightly different matter . He remembered Midge , and the child . But that had been a time before all this , a time he didn't think about . A time before the white lightning and the bumming had turned him inside out . But these kids weren't like him . Oh crap ! ! He thought , Pull out of it , old son . These are just another couple of characters to roll . What they got , you get . Now forget all this other . `` Wanna drink '' ? ? Ernie offered , taking the pint of sweet lucy from his jacket pocket . `` Yeah . Now that you offer '' . The answer came from the open door of the boxcar . From the man who had leaped in from the high bank outside , as the train had slowed on the grade . Ernie stared at the man . He was big . Real big , with shoulders out to here , and hair all over him like a grizzly . Road gang , Ernie thought . `` You gonna give me a drink , fella '' ? ? The big man asked again , taking a step into the boxcar . Ernie hesitated a moment . This character could break him in half . `` Sure '' , he said , and lifted the pint to his own lips . He guzzled down three-quarters of the strong home-blend and proffered the remainder . The man stalked toward them , his big boots heavy on the wooden flooring . He took the bottle with undue belligerence , and making sucking noises with his thick lips , drained it completely . He threw his head back , closed his eyes , and belched ferociously . He belched again , and opening his eyes , threw the bottle out the open door . `` Well , now '' , he said , and reached into his pocket . `` I didn't know I was gonna have company in this car '' . `` We're going to Philadelphia '' , Kitty said , pulling her skirt down around her legs all the more . `` No , I don't think so '' , said the big man , and it was the final clincher for Ernie . He had suspected this guy was trouble , and now he was sure of it . `` Maybe you and me will , girlie , but these two ain't goin' nowhere '' . He advanced on them , and abruptly there was a shocked electricity in the car . Ernie was screaming inside himself : No , damn you , you ain't gonna take my meal ticket away from me ! ! The newcomer stalked toward them , and Kitty shied back , her hand to her mouth . Her scream split up the silence of the car , accompanied by the rattling of the freight , and then Cappy came off the floor , his legs driving him hard . The kid hit the bigger man with an audible thwump ! ! And carried him backward in a footballer's tackle . They went down in a heap and for a long minute there was nothing to see but flailing arms and legs . The kid showed for an instant , and his arm was cocked back . The fist went down into the pile of flesh , and Ernie heard the bigger man's deeper voice go , `` Aaawww '' ! ! Then they were tumbling again , and the big man reached into the same pocket he had gone for earlier , and came up with a vicious switchblade . He held the knife aloft an instant -- an instant enough to press the stud . The blade came out with a snick ! ! He fisted the knife overhand , and drew back to plunge it into the kid's throat . Kitty screamed insanely and her face was white . She grabbed at Feathertop's sleeve and shrieked , `` Help him ! ! Help him ! ! Do something '' ! !
You mainly were stirr'd vp?
light the shadow of death.

for his sake and her own, to do it well, that she
See revolving the globe,
secured for the purpose; but it was at the other end of the house,
47:12 Stand now with thine enchantments, and with the multitude of thy
three days, wife."
whole heart she felt thoroughly possessed, and whom she

or requires very solicitous explanation.  With the greatest respect,
ran away.  Susan, who was sheltered by a laburnum tree, called to
of Edom be as the heart of a woman in her pangs.
that fatal cork, forth flew the fiend, and shrivelled up his home.
     The other man was not so tall, yet would have struck nobody as short,

Thou lucky Mistress of the tranquil barns,
1:5  For the hope which is laid up for you in heaven, whereof ye heard
a good friend, a difference which some people do not discover till late
64:8 But now, O LORD, thou art our father; we are the clay, and thou
sets, but in precisely the same manner the live sea swallows up ships
of this behaviour, and after some time thus spent in
I own publicly who you are, if nobody else owns.
spoken, he saith unto the ruler of the synagogue, Be not afraid, only



abhorred them.
strain upon the timber-heads to which the fluke-chains and cables
the wind passeth, and cleanseth them.
his name again, and she should tell everybody she saw,
1:22 But Hannah went not up; for she said unto her husband, I will not
places as dead men.
Such a very kind attention--and so thoughtful an attention!--
12:13 And the blood shall be to you for a token upon the houses where
Marianne's situation to have the same animating object
     To gather king-cups in the yellow mead,
testified against them to turn them to thee, and they wrought great
command you that ye should not teach in this name? and, behold, ye
and rank more strongly than most people.  And as to my father,


16:12 Thus did Zimri destroy all the house of Baasha, according to the
Scepter and power, thy giving, I assume, 
emptying into it his canvas bag of clothes, set them in order there.
"Yes," said Philip, "she'll not forget May day in a hurry."
   The invisible worm,
old admirals of Velazquez with whose dark portraits his house was hung.
Pequod's voyage, Ahab was now entirely conscious that, in so doing,
    of wickedness also.
hundred chances to one against his ever caring for her.--"But, with
pass it without immediate death.  But the truth of the Matter is,
none can quench it, because of the evil of your doings.
mother bare me be blessed.
internally dwelling on the perfections of a man, of whose
near with a true heart in full assurance of faith, having our hearts


and as she returned by a different circuit to the house,
and in nothing had she approached the degree of excellence which she
    hearses,
Lord, waxing confident by my bonds, are much more bold to speak the
     He turned his blank, round face up to the stars and

sailors flung it not rudely down, as by day, but with some
65:3 Iniquities prevail against me: as for our transgressions, thou
didn't want to believe. You see, he was jealous of Buster Bear, and at
looking for eggs, I know THAT well enough; and what does it matter to me


He, in celestial panoply all armed 
16:6 Greet Mary, who bestowed much labour on us.
incurably tragic; he could not force himself to play the
Jerusalem.
GOD.
that he has.  She took hardly any notice of Charles Hayter yesterday.
37:2 But neither he, nor his servants, nor the people of the land, did
breadth five and twenty cubits.

"Forgive, brother, without asking what," said Bertha, smiling.
could not alter its pernicious effects.  He was sorry his knavery had
it down into the bag.  He now took off his hat--a new beaver
protracted three or four years' voyage in some other ship than their
But how wilt thou do for a Father?
46:17 And the sons of Asher; Jimnah, and Ishuah, and Isui, and Beriah,
 4000  2001 October/November

22:23 The same day came to him the Sadducees, which say that there is
16:9 And Moses spake unto Aaron, Say unto all the congregation of the
that is in it; the city, and those that dwell therein.
Said the Palm, "I will choose my biggest leaf and place it as a fan
is Lord, to the glory of God the Father.
Now, this occasional inevitable sinking of the recently killed Sperm
Proceeded, and oppression, and sword-law, 
a pink-and-white wax look which somehow (I don't know why) rather

For them, the gracious Duncan haue I murther'd,
witness, whether he hath seen or known of it; if he do not utter it,
And prayers, which in this golden censer mixed 
 
     "And now, take it from the start.  It lies between few people,
and all the comfort that could be given by assurances

to us.  If ever there were people who, without having great wealth
before that sad and beautiful face. Then the man smiled, and his
instant she uttered this falsehood she squeezed it terribly.  "Why do you
Shephathiah, the son of Reuel, the son of Ibnijah; 9:9 And their
As she said this she looked down at her hands, and was surprised to see



Ill-worthy I such title should belong 
  Hor. That can I,
but her inclination was growing so strong for a removal,
down into the cabin to chat with the captain, and it would not create
There; keep thy finger on it.  This is a cogent vice thou hast here,
bribes.
one of his relations on both sides, there was no convincing
nor to your dreamers, nor to your enchanters, nor to your sorcerers,

preaching the word of the Lord, with many others also.
even as also ye do.
by his own sentiments, by his early prepossession.  It was altogether
to Mordecai, to know what it was, and why it was.
Thunder. Enter the three Witches, meeting Hecat.
13:10 Jesus saith to him, He that is washed needeth not save to wash
from the palest auburn to the brightest black.  Who was to have the
universe had been destroyed and re-created.
ones there. Buster blinked his greedy little eyes rapidly and looked
"Sunday is a fixed star," he said.
against the inhabitants of Pekod: waste and utterly destroy after

Our duties, did his welcome pay.

remember correctly) at Southend. You have irritated me."


resumed my seat.  In a few moments the savoury steam came forth
26:43 All the families of the Shuhamites, according to those that were
be melancholy or gay, I love to recall it--and you
dear hand; and he runs to share them with his mother, saying, "Here is
7:15 For he cast two pillars of brass, of eighteen cubits high apiece:
days of his life.
"but this cutting may interest you."
island; that is, dipping his consecrated and consecrating fingers

5:4 For we that are in this tabernacle do groan, being burdened: not

a hatchet. His cart stood a few yards off, already half full of
he seeks the food of light, so he lives in light.  He makes his berth
"Concealing it from us! my dear child, do you accuse
5:1 And I saw in the right hand of him that sat on the throne a book
enter the man's neck below the jaw. It came out clean. Half mad, he
the power of his resurrection, and the fellowship of his sufferings,
Here too, Miss Dashwood's commendation, being only
God; and are become such as have need of milk, and not of strong meat.
to sleep.
was indefinite, as the soundest advice ever is.  Now, in general,
unto fifty years old, every one that came to do the service of the
as if it was powdered. His advance was very quiet; but for the

myself down at any time, and collect a few friends
one is given to covetousness; and from the prophet even unto the
more was required: to be together was, in his opinion,
with me than now.
we must exert ourselves and endeavour to do something for her.

unto the ground; and the cry of Jerusalem is gone up.
talents, and seven hundred and thirty shekels, after the shekel of the
Welcome are lands of wheat and maize, welcome those of the grape,


woman, young and old, and ox, and sheep, and ass, with the edge of the
very clumsy umbrella.  Beyond it lay the broad sombrero fallen from
towards the far-off station. It was quite true that a considerable
carcass--the rabid creatures swarmed round it like bees in a beehive.
should be a fool to change such a situation as mine.  Fortune I
(I bring no dirge for it or thee, I bring a glad triumphal sonnet,)
Burton, and break out in the main-hold."

and, as she went a little way with them, down the hill, still talking
with dislike.  This boy was the son of Attorney Case; and as his father
it is better for me to die than to live.
within there?  Unbolt this door.
was looking about for the shuttlecock, I heard a great rustling somewhere

44:18 They have not known nor understood: for he hath shut their eyes,

Morning broke in bitter silver along the grey and level plain;
regret was for a partial separation from friends whose friendship

for--but that is quite a different thing from--and you know,
For the woman which hath an husband is bound by the law to her husband
mending their nets.
at Donwell for two years.  "Some very fine morning, he, and Emma,

he had many more neighbors than he had in the Great Woods.
And with a heart new-fir'd, I follow you,
126:5 They that sow in tears shall reap in joy.
2:8 And the LORD God planted a garden eastward in Eden; and there he

"Pretty Poll"; and immediately Mrs. Tattle begged she would do her the
horses to meet him by another road, a mile or two beyond Highbury--
no inconsiderable oil came up with the water; the casks below must

more than it was wont to be heated.
better than wine.
down in that sea, Pip's ebon head showed like a head of cloves.  No
I beare a charmed Life, which must not yeeld
he sprinkle many nations; the kings shall shut their mouths at him:
picture over three blue, dim, perpendicular lines floating in a
And wants not Buzzers to infect his eare
138:7 Though I walk in the midst of trouble, thou wilt revive me: thou
supposed he was mistaken. Then came an interruption and a change.
children of Koz, the children of Barzillai; which took a wife of the
beauty more exquisitely defined than in the crescentic borders of

Almost at the same moment another man came walking quickly round

them; they are all for your friend Leonora.  See how unjust you are!"
31:10 And Moses commanded them, saying, At the end of every seven
they were fishers.

Marianne was prevailed on to join her sisters in their
    anchor-lifters of the departing,
are furnished with a charmingly circumstantial account of the then
that Harriet was liable to very bad sore-throats, and had often
24:6 And the king called for Jehoiada the chief, and said unto him,

56:2 Blessed is the man that doeth this, and the son of man that
seed unto his brother.
thither.
In might though wonderous and in acts of war, 




than what her heart gave him with every thing that passed,
On the pavement here, and there beyond it is looking,
"But," said De Grey, "when we yield, I hope it will not be merely to get
And let vs not be daintie of leaue-taking,
As consequent from store of summer rains,
(for they are a rebellious house,) yet shall know that there hath been
Tempting so nigh, to pluck and eat my fill 
If care of our descent perplex us most, 
For I that day was absent, as befel, 
to see them together, or I am sure I should have found it
Dumb swimmers there among the rocks, coral, gluten, grass, rushes,
 He sits down with his holy fears,
coming with superior knowledge of the world, to enliven and improve
it.

at Calais when we arrive."

Israel: and the Holy Ghost was upon him.
    That your eye was as steady as ever;
and adroitly balancing himself to the jerking tossings of his chip of
 Bound and weary, I thought best
firstborn son of Esau; duke Teman, duke Omar, duke Zepho, duke Kenaz,
while you may, then, you must kill all you can.  And if you cannot
that he was the ogre.  He remembered asking his mother if bears lived
It is in request among jewellers and watchmakers.  Sailors put it on
He pour'd forth the meanings which I of all men know.

     The line of the sea looked frozen in the very vividness of
for going to London.  That Marianne, fastidious as she was,
blood of the grape.
saith the LORD.
when it was all ready, and my basket full, I left it altogether in the
Calmly a lady walk'd holding a little innocent child by either hand,
indulged herself in the pleasure of announcing to her
I dress a wound in the side, deep, deep,
     He looked at her steadily for the first time, and said:
for whatsoever doth make manifest is light.
wheel grew larger and larger, till it filled heaven like the wheel

ten shekels, full of incense: 7:45 One young bullock, one ram, one
49:9 If grapegatherers come to thee, would they not leave some
were born to David in Hebron.
former meetings which would be brought too painfully before her;
when Anne could not but feel that Uppercross was already quite alive again.

33:9 And they removed from Marah, and came unto Elim: and in Elim were
upon your time."
curtains of thine habitations: spare not, lengthen thy cords, and
19:7 Now therefore arise, go forth, and speak comfortably unto thy
49:33 And Hazor shall be a dwelling for dragons, and a desolation for
the nest.
mine enemies have heard of my trouble; they are glad that thou hast
and whatever else has drifted ashore, which, when their basket is full,

18:26 And the children of Dan went their way: and when Micah saw that
Of their great Sultan waving to direct 

made us to come up out of Egypt, to bring us in unto this evil place?
manner of work, which the LORD had commanded to be made by the hand of
be thy gods, O Israel, which brought thee up out of the land of Egypt.
said, What aileth the people that they weep? And they told him the
all about them.
As soon as I had filled my basket, and made up my faggot (which was not

The beauty of the waist, and thence of the hips, and thence downward
her own supper, and go to bed.  Lord! no wonder she has
wicked are deceit.
30:15 See, I have set before thee this day life and good, and death

     And prink their heads with daisies.
it.  Every sort of tool or apparatus had, in consequence, to the
short, to the obvious laws of Hygiene and common sense.  I told him,
given in marriage; but are as the angels which are in heaven.
"What the devil is up?" cried the Professor, seizing his arm.

  Len. 'Tis two or three my Lord, that bring you word:
black and ragged; and the combination gave him the look of the
there?"
pronounce his "sir" in a tone as respectful as the butler's was insolent.

of money."
21:12 Cry and howl, son of man: for it shall be upon my people, it
church which is in his house.
Lady Russell, she did not blame herself for having been guided by her;
he would not mean to charge any thing for attendance, we could not
Come, I will make the continent indissoluble,
Shot after us in storm, o'erblown hath laid 
"Look here," said Turnbull, sturdily clenching his fists in his


from an almost ape-like grapple; and, after a few formal inquiries,
15:2 The LORD is my strength and song, and he is become my salvation:

jealousy of the artist was beyond bounds. Their one thought was, how
place.
"Mr. Drury, mazarin blue; fancy cap.
The winds blowing, the notes of the bird continuous echoing,
stranger in a strait, as to plunder a wealthy one.  In sum,
was half frantic."
off it. He saw the great luminous globe suddenly stagger in the
boat, a rock, a quicksand, or a man-of-war.  Apart from this
shook her head, and exclaimed--
12:23 And these are the numbers of the bands that were ready armed to
sayings.

       To shine along life's way?
the safety of the ship, some of the seamen declared that it was only
bears, these timid warrior whalemen!
It is, perhaps, our fate rather than our merit.  We cannot help ourselves.

1:14 And God said, Let there be lights in the firmament of the heaven
And due to theirs which out of thine will grow: 

of her brother and sister, as to which was the one liked best.
and woe betide him, and her too, when it comes to things of consequence,

either French, English, or once (to the priest) Latin; and the
she wished, therefore, to declare only the simple truth,
Thou in thy secresy although alone, 
believe."
May be the Diuell, and the Diuel hath power


blaze of the levelled tube.  But, mastering his emotion, he half


possess that of the Canaanites, even unto Zarephath; and the captivity


6:12 And I beheld when he had opened the sixth seal, and, lo, there
    rifle-volleys cracking sharp,
or three swam right in close to where he was sitting. Now Buster Bear
MALTESE SAILOR.
The attitude of him cheers up slaves and horrifies foreign despots.
Thunder & Lightning
even than that lady?  My own self.  Tell me if, when I returned
platformed level with the gunwale, Starbuck himself was seen coolly
honour, placed himself over against the punchbowl, and between the
upon the earth, and upon all the fishes of the sea; into your hand are
O Belteshazzar, master of the magicians, because I know that the
which thou hast chosen, and toward the house that I have built for thy
pounds a-year, with the interest of his two thousand pounds,
I am to wait, I do not doubt I am to meet you again,
the Lord: Hosanna in the highest.

Shapes of factories, arsenals, foundries, markets,
trenches; and some very small seeds were scattered lightly over the top
stood out at an angle, and he had all the swagger of a troubadour.
this; I don't understand it.  Now I do desire, Mrs. Landlady, nobody may


12:31 And of the half tribe of Manasseh eighteen thousand, which were



wood.  No, they hold there a large, round wad of tow and cork,
16:15 And she said unto him, How canst thou say, I love thee, when
that's what he went into the after hold for, so often, as Dough-Boy
lest thou be filled therewith, and vomit it.
Waving high the delicate mistress, over all the starry mistress,


ache!'
     7
the whole, a man might rather have done than to have left undone; if,

4:16 And Cain went out from the presence of the LORD, and dwelt in the
Cecilia, for she was often successful.  Many loved Leonora, but none were
send Lazarus, that he may dip the tip of his finger in water, and cool

46:29 And Joseph made ready his chariot, and went up to meet Israel
13:26 But if the priest look on it, and, behold, there be no white
Always the prairies, pastures, forests, vast cities, travelers,
we know what this new doctrine, whereof thou speakest, is?  17:20 For
'Please your Majesty,' said the Knave, 'I didn't write it, and they

daughters, and slew her with the sword: and she became famous among
26:21 And as they did eat, he said, Verily I say unto you, that one of
10:34 And the cloud of the LORD was upon them by day, when they went
Shall I call upon them?  Or Miss Bates?  She is still nearer.--

He loved to have the cloth laid, because it had been the fashion
has quite appeased her."
Nevertheless, some there were, who even in the face of these things
one day, and told him that his master had given him leave to have a boy
A few minutes more spent in the same kind of effusion,
21:1 The king's heart is in the hand of the LORD, as the rivers of
For if the King like not the Comedie,
When I heard at the close of the day how my name had been receiv'd
sharp eyes full of meaning, "there seemed to me to be
4:2 And he spake before his brethren and the army of Samaria, and
God, by the armour of righteousness on the right hand and on the left,
But to bring perhaps from afar what is already founded,
as an ensign upon his land.

Deep malice thence conceiving and disdain, 
vindication of Edward from every charge but of imprudence,
22:1 And the inhabitants of Jerusalem made Ahaziah his youngest son
3:7 And Saul had a concubine, whose name was Rizpah, the daughter of
It is a most refreshing, convivial, beautiful object to behold.  As

Our tender plants, how blows the citron grove, 
houses.
with him, and his work before him.
company, the whole of this conscientious duty is at last concluded,
And this, the bleeding businesse they haue done:
part of the country, and come from afar off.  My boy has got a bed for
1:9 Except the LORD of hosts had left unto us a very small remnant, we

servants the prophets, saying, The land, unto which ye go to possess
her miserable, and left her miserable--and left her hoping
But now you smile with joy exulting old Mannahatta.
parties were what he preferred; and, unless he fancied himself at any
Nethaniah carried them away captive, and departed to go over to the
   Polon. The time inuites you, goe, your seruants tend
were sitting quietly at work, they were visited at the window
"This was really his," said Harriet.--"Do not you remember
Into a beast; and, mixed with bestial slime, 
him that was oppressed, and smote the Egyptian: 7:25 For he supposed
and now you have Emma's account, I hope you will be satisfied."


children's do, as if it were a thing with which something
which he must have thought of almost with despair,
next trick at the helm would come round at two o'clock, in the
the diadem, and take off the crown: this shall not be the same: exalt

"It is over! it is over!" she repeated to herself again and again,

They live in the feelings of young men and the best women,
8:35 And the servant abideth not in the house for ever: but the Son
Forth flourished thick the clustering vine, forth crept 


(Not for nothing have the indomitable heads of the earth been always
With one brief hour of madness and joy.
well put to the test, by our long, very long absence
The secrets of your realm; but, by constraint 

hastily, for the White Rabbit cried out, 'Silence in the court!' and the
while I think.--I come to report a fair wind to him.  But how fair?
Again, it was Mary's complaint, that Mrs Musgrove was very apt
he led them to Samaria.
These Web sites include award-winning information about Project
Did neede an Oath. When euery drop of blood
though November, the weather was by no means bad; and, in short,
and Mr. Weston had his five minutes share of it; but five minutes
"We can't stop here, we're not mad people!"
18:29 And he spake unto him yet again, and said, Peradventure there
should hold their peace, the stones would immediately cry out.
TO THE MEMORY
so extremely expeditious!--I believe we drive faster than any body.--

before the city.

the caul that is above the liver, and the two kidneys, and the fat
perhaps compassion.  She could not help thinking much of the extraordinary
would have been right--about the hiding-place of his own secret formula
locked myself in.  But, even as I passed, I could swear I saw
you will find some curious whales.
live, saith the Lord GOD, surely because my flock became a prey, and
1:4 And it came to pass, when I heard these words, that I sat down and
from oppression; for thou shalt not fear: and from terror; for it
"Chug-a-rum! He may be a bully, because great big people are very apt to
I do not prefer others so very much before you either,

hills?' The hills do leap--at least, they try to. . . . Why do I

In one, the sacred parturition scene,


it's all predestinated.  I heard not all his talk with Starbuck; but
but I will not delay you by a long preface.--We are quite well.--
"My dear Mrs Smith, your authority is deficient.  This will not do.
All truths wait in all things,
which I think, my dear Harriet, you cannot find much difficulty
Disparted Chaos overbuilt exclaimed, 
to the first course for a few seconds, and then suddenly adopted
Hell and despair are upon me, crack and again crack the marksmen,
together, and took the waters unto Bethbarah and Jordan.
Streaming tears, sobbing tears, throes, choked with wild cries;
the Midianites the children of Israel made them the dens which are in
walked in his law, nor in his statutes, nor in his testimonies;
3:1 Lord, how are they increased that trouble me! many are they that
is explained--some dreadful misapprehension or other.--

road being white with snow.  The motor-car, when he was not
    unite with the old ones,
out of the forest, the work of the hands of the workman, with the axe.
gross, and their ears are dull of hearing, and their eyes they have
disclosed all, too late?

bring forth?  39:3 They bow themselves, they bring forth their young
2:5 They that were full have hired out themselves for bread; and they
staggering stoppage, for a file of fat, blue policemen made a
 
as plainly denoted how well she understood him.
themselves, burn unsavory tallow instead of odorous wax.  Though

deck, manifested the gloomiest reserve; and more seldom than ever
   Ham. I marry, why was he sent into England?


24:19 When thou cuttest down thine harvest in thy field, and hast

all their idols.
    death pours its sweeping and unript waves,
of one pearl: and the street of the city was pure gold, as it were
of thy ocean-perishing--straight up, leaps thy apotheosis!

in the shop understand that Lady Dalrymple was calling to convey
Sons of the Mother of All, you shall yet be victorious,
excepting that trunk and the direction, was consequently a blank.
neatly-folded note into the bosom of Inspector Ratcliffe. When
"Ah! Elinor," said John, "your reasoning is very good,
his father's sail!  Yes, yes! no more! it is done! we head for
the days of Jehoiada the priest.
    good-doers are well,
37:10 For yet a little while, and the wicked shall not be: yea, thou

thee, and overtake thee, till thou be destroyed; because thou
weather, the ship still continued her cruisings, the mariners working
my son a perfect heart, to keep thy commandments, thy testimonies, and
found that it was a family of old friends, who were coming, like herself,
murmuring in a sing-song voice, "New occasions teach new duties,"
land: the number of thy days I will fulfil.
return?  3:8 Will a man rob God? Yet ye have robbed me. But ye say,
him hotter."  In two minutes, however, he relented in his own favour;
the rulers, and the people, that they might be reckoned by genealogy.
bell-glass, and broke it, as you see."
(As a projectile form'd, impell'd, passing a certain line, still keeps on,

I made the match, you know, four years ago; and to have it take place,
torture we may earn the right to say to this man, 'You lie!' No
To feeling, as to sight? or art thou but
blue handkerchief.

which was done by the angel; but thought he saw a vision.
Fat-Cutter; usage, however, in time made it equivalent to Chief
sincere regard--nothing but an earnest desire of being
get out of the way quick enough, and the man on horseback struck



and how he had declared before them all that he loved

of his suspicions, every look described, and all the wheres and hows
to me, you were saying something at the very moment of this burst
   The mind-forged manacles I hear:
give him a stone?  7:10 Or if he ask a fish, will he give him a
In a few moments the rather baffled Flambeau found himself in the presence
in complete good humour.  "I am an actor; and if I ever had

"Pooh!" said Fisher; "what a fool, to think so much about a bun!"
   But, now that I'm perfectly sure I have none,
proper cruising ground.  And if, after a three, four, or five years'

of one "Fitz Swackhammer."  But my friend Dr. Snodhead, a very
saddled, and upon them two hundred loaves of bread, and an hundred
the next day coffins to clap them in, and yet again life-buoys out of
wicked shall fall by his own wickedness.
Peace be unto you.
47:2 And he took some of his brethren, even five men, and presented
Hath tasted envies not, but brings with joy 
with him.
Jauntily forward they went with quick step toward Gowanus' waters,
Well, you cannot trick me.
To whom the Angel.  Son of Heaven and Earth, 
on the present occasion, as far at least as it regarded
plainly that she had the game in her own hands, preserved a cold, cruel

She could have made an inquiry or two, as to the expedition
"To be sure," said Peleg.  "Fetch him along, and we'll look at him."

Siddim; 14:9 With Chedorlaomer the king of Elam, and with Tidal king

been calling on her daughter-in-law elect, and took Hartfield in her
19:21 And it shall be a perpetual statute unto them, that he that
other; however, they got settled down in a minute or two, and the game
priests kept up an unextinguished aromatic flame, so that the mystic
end in love with some.  Charles Hayter seemed aware of being slighted,
   Osr. It is indifferent cold my Lord indeed
I love to look on the Stars and Stripes, I hope the fifes will play

matter will fall: for the man will not be in rest, until he have
like a flock.
luck.  They were dragged down countless cold avenues lined with
Israel: 28:5 And of all my sons, (for the LORD hath given me many
and to decide on it by slight appearances, one's happiness
not more indisposed for amusement abroad, than unwilling

coachman first, we can cut our way out yet.  There are only six of them."
also the king's words that he had spoken unto me. And they said, Let
anarchism. He even thought of him now with an old kindness, as if

14:5 Then Moses and Aaron fell on their faces before all the assembly
3:1 Wherefore, holy brethren, partakers of the heavenly calling,
that could benefit you or myself.--Your example was
discouraged by a trifle; and groping for the tinder-box, he asked if
"These will do," said the strange person with the red beard.
The soul's realization and determination still inheriting,
24:14 I the LORD have spoken it: it shall come to pass, and I will do
I would not, in plaine tearmes, from this time forth,
Satan with his perverted world; then raise 
would not be displeased, she would rather stay at home."
delicately see that paradox is a thing which especially belongs
blow with its head, it WOULD twist itself round and look up in her face,
     "They are the opposite of each other," said Father Brown,
3:7 And next unto them repaired Melatiah the Gibeonite, and Jadon the

Comrade of raftsmen and coalmen, comrade of all who shake hands
everything tail foremost."
Meshech and Tubal, and prophesy against him, 38:3 And say, Thus saith
destruction: for he transgressed against the LORD his God, and went
To the rescue the stalwart giant hurry his plenteous offspring,
walked in them.
o'clock, and my town boys not come!  I don't understand this!"
with Lucy was as firmly determined on, and the time
and which may lead them out, and which may bring them in; that the
Indomitable, untamed as thee.
sickening emptiness of air, he realized, with that sort of dead
Daniel, and Job were in it, as I live, saith the Lord GOD, they shall
tall, and shadowy green. The Little Fir Tree was very unhappy because he

shall this birthright do to me?  25:33 And Jacob said, Swear to me
prophesied, to bring again the vessels of the LORD's house, and all
to partake of it.  I have no idea of that sort of thing.  It is
remembrance of them to cease from among men: 32:27 Were it not that I

19:29 And it came to pass, when he was come nigh to Bethphage and
still.
in this part of understanding than her young friend.  But she was

Welcoming in fame some special veteran, hero,
16:31 And it came to pass, as he had made an end of speaking all these
head, and all to brake his skull.
midst of the garden, and the tree of knowledge of good and evil.
a single preliminary difference to modify of all that

therefore, how this sealed door of Todhunter's is treated as the gate
From the expense of the child, however, he was soon relieved.
and is not to be giving away his time.  Well, now I have just given you

21:22 And if a man have committed a sin worthy of death, and he be to
within; the hatches were all on, and lumbered with coils of rigging.
Of us will soon determine, or impose 
     "It was on a dismal night, with rain still dropping from the trees
plowed like a field, and Jerusalem shall become heaps, and the

but Cecilia had just been successful, and sympathy with the victorious
country of Zebulun.


Lo, 'tis autumn,
    lop-tongued wolves, not reasoning men,
to hear her's admired; and I remember one proof of her being
40:12 And thou shalt bring Aaron and his sons unto the door of the
for I really do not think she cares for any thing but _boiled_ pork:
minute.
the ephod.
1:16 And the children of the Kenite, Moses' father in law, went up out
  Rosin. None my Lord; but that the World's growne
Theirs, theirs as much as thine, the destination-port triumphant;

After free voyages to all the seas of earth, haul'd up at last and
6:7 All the presidents of the kingdom, the governors, and the princes,
not lose by the change.  Mr. Weston might be his son's superior.--
with his back to it, he now lay for a moment slowly feeling with his
7:9 And he said unto them, Full well ye reject the commandment of God,
When on that shivering winter's night, the Pequod thrust her
Archer.
58:8 As a snail which melteth, let every one of them pass away: like
stand--miles of them--leagues.  Inlanders all, they come from lanes

likewise also the husband hath not power of his own body, but the
"I knew I was a poet," cried Syme in a sort of ecstasy. "I knew my
good curate is not fitted to make a resolute, forcible, and
manifestation of Rapinavititis--the delusion that one has stolen
A song for occupations!
"If such is your way of thinking," said Marianne,

making quite mysterious jokes. Sunday had told them that they
"What man in the mask, brother?"
Or from our Masters
offerings, and there thou shalt do all that I command thee.
90:14 O satisfy us early with thy mercy; that we may rejoice and be

Now when fair morn orient in Heaven appeared, 
thousand of barley. So much did the children of Ammon pay unto him,
war, yet ye have not, because ye ask not.



 If thought is life
each man according to the interpretation of his dream.

else, and we shall be caught.  He mounted guard all yesterday at the
He appeared to be much exhausted; but when he came to the thick black hedge
She had heard and seen it all; and felt some curiosity to know
the LORD said, If I find in Sodom fifty righteous within the city,

Poor old Mrs. Bates, civil and humble as usual, looked as if she
letter into her pocket, "is the only comfort we have
2:29 And it was told king Solomon that Joab was fled unto the
they had talked a good deal of the present and of the future state
40:10 I have not hid thy righteousness within my heart; I have
15:47 And Mary Magdalene and Mary the mother of Joses beheld where he
and came down to Combe Magna to be happy, and afterwards
whilst Philip leaned over the wicket, prolonging his narration.  "Now, my
To question thy bold entrance on this place; 
I announce the justification of candor and the justification of pride.
After complete faith, after clarifyings, elevations, and removing
shepherd that will stand before me?  49:20 Therefore hear the counsel

11:1 And the whole earth was of one language, and of one speech.
where residence was not required, lived at his father's house,
scripture, and the word which Jesus had said.
You see when he had found the heads of those trout on the bank he knew
not, when she had received the spies with peace.
I hear the drums beat and the trumpets blowing,
Ambiguous words and jealousies, to sound 
place, that the cloud filled the house of the LORD, 8:11 So that the
shouldest be afraid of a man that shall die, and of the son of man
elbow the identical young man who five days before had marched
51:29 And the land shall tremble and sorrow: for every purpose of the

absolutely make her die with laughing; and she'd quite adore you," said
Her moving swiftly surrounded by myriads of small craft I forget not
without considerable address _at_ _times_, that he could get away,
Josiah king of Judah, that this word came unto Jeremiah from the LORD,
been a continual impediment--less acknowledged by Mr. Weston than
Her looks and words had nothing to restrain them.  She was happy,
_accepted_ him.  I could suppose she might in time--but can she already?--


    or lack of money, or depressions or exaltations,
outward business of the house of God.
lamentation of this inevitable delay; though Elinor tried

in Samaria, till he had destroyed him, according to the saying of the

    wooding up,
dead, if but decently treated, whales as a species are by no means


"Old fashioned notions; country hospitality; we do not profess
like the blade of the sword-fish and bill-fish; though some sailors

them, Men and brethren, though I have committed nothing against the
He got to his feet and strolled across the room with a sort of
and often participating to a considerable degree in its unctuousness.
ever since in the same position on the pianoforte,


6:36 But I said unto you, That ye also have seen me, and believe not.
And is this then (said I) what the author calls a man's life?
Express they? by looks only? or do they mix 

I do not know what it is except that it is grand, and that it is happiness,
That shake vs Nightly: Better be with the dead,
                       Landlady's Parlour.
their beds.
Every kind for itself and its own, for me mine male and female,
In that obscure sojourn, while in my flight 
stumblingblock to them that are weak.
4:5 But watch thou in all things, endure afflictions, do the work of

Vpon the Corner of the Moone
These and all else were to me the same as they are to you,
Assyrian was a cedar in Lebanon with fair branches, and with a

"Excuse me," he said; "it was ceremonial.  One has to get the
visit he had informed his mother; and whilst she was arranging the
line of expediency, and looking into the doubtful room, observed,


14:11 For whosoever exalteth himself shall be abased; and he that
trouble, and of rebuke, and blasphemy; for the children are come to
and poised it with as much delay as was consistent with dignity.
very little, though we have lived together for years;
such an overthrow only by having the quick and incalculable feet
brick throughout; its sky-line was fantastic, and even its ground
"Yes, sir," said Sir Arthur, pulling the lease out of his pocket.  "Here
bringeth forth, some an hundredfold, some sixty, some thirty.
127:4 As arrows are in the hand of a mighty man; so are children of
your tongs are pointing.  But, perhaps you expect to get into heaven
26:18 At Parbar westward, four at the causeway, and two at Parbar.
at the valley gate, and at the turning of the wall, and fortified
choice cherry-brandy.  Corkscrew kept the key of the house door, so that
Hittite to be thy wife.
thee by name.
evildoers, children that are corrupters: they have forsaken the LORD,
We produce about two million dollars for each hour we work.  The
wicked shall do wickedly: and none of the wicked shall understand; but
Perhaps Mrs. Jennings was in hopes, by this vigorous

and that Mayhew, her captain, was fearful of infecting the Pequod's
and walled up to heaven; and moreover we have seen the sons of the
Arphad? where are the gods of Sepharvaim? and have they delivered
}  Not Youth Pertains to Me
   Guil. In what my deere Lord?
the same said unto me, Upon whom thou shalt see the Spirit descending,
'Stuff and nonsense!' said Alice loudly. 'The idea of having the
acquainted with moods; and the storms and sunbursts of MacIan's
I do not doubt that from under the feet and beside the hands and
broad place, where there is no straitness; and that which should be
He looked, and saw a spacious plain, whereon 
Tarlton, with all his vaunted prowess, was the first to run away from the
Into a lower world; to this obscure 
gentleman----"
himself without saying one word, saddled his English horse, and was ready
from Jerusalem to Jericho, and fell among thieves, which stripped him
when divorced from more kindly associations, and coupled with any
    and along the shores of the great lakes, and all over the prairies,
"ingale," and that was supposed to be conversation.
the carved images, and the molten images, he brake in pieces, and made
Here and there with dimes on the eyes walking,
looked, and behold a man running alone.
and humiliating must be the origin of those regrets,
of their meeting with, or rather missing, Mr Elliot so extraordinarily.
'Are they in the prisoner's handwriting?' asked another of the jurymen.
17:22 And he left off talking with him, and God went up from Abraham.
chicken!" And she seized the little Half-Chick by his one wing and threw

themselves.
us; 1:11 Ye also helping together by prayer for us, that for the gift
"Me!--not at all," replied Mr. Knightley, rather displeased; "I do
Where you hold me enchain'd a certain time refusing to give me up,
1:14 And the Word was made flesh, and dwelt among us, (and we beheld
 
to day, then thou shalt find two men by Rachel's sepulchre in the
In truth he had not got much; for in the division of the booty only one

I'd sow a seed for thee of endless Nationality,
natural; and afterward that which is spiritual.
 "If her heart does ache,
Mr. Woodhouse would be alarmed--she had better go;"--with most ready
caulking-iron.
with them, and even to take risks in their support. The whole
under him like the shadows of stems in a pool; and I could not banish
    can be none in the future,
Edward remained a week at the cottage; he was earnestly
father, and I have guided her from my mother's womb;) 31:19 If I have
6:14 Ye shall not go after other gods, of the gods of the people which

5:29 Then commanded Belshazzar, and they clothed Daniel with scarlet,
Sunday answered not a word, but very slowly he turned his face of
I call ye, and declare ye now; returned 

of all his faults, excited a degree of commiseration
Why stand we longer shivering under fears, 
joined a number of voices.
4:24 Then she saddled an ass, and said to her servant, Drive, and go
sake, king Agrippa, I am accused of the Jews.
and from thy kindred, and from thy father's house, unto a land that I
gills, the finny tribes in general breathe the air which at all times
14:22 But his flesh upon him shall have pain, and his soul within him
and for some time was fearful of being constrained to call
together, and I'll stand by him against anyone who dares to lay a finger
critically but let it pass.  The silver moonlight picked out a
giving his crown to Bolingbroke as to a common brigand.  It is
I cannot decide), that your father and sister, in their civilities
people, There are six days in which men ought to work: in them
"Strike nothing; lash it.  If I had sky-sail poles, I'd sway them up

with wheeling suns.  The white road climbed like a white cat;

of a circus. They went at such a rate that distances were shortened
that Jane Fairfax would have neither elevation nor happiness beyond
upon mine head; for I have been a Nazarite unto God from my mother's
    for breastworks,

up.
master wanted to send a messenger anywhere, Gilbert (for that was the
Next unto him also repaired Hananiah the son of one of the

     "One is never thinking of the real sorrow," said the strange priest.
all thinking of?"
Our eldest, Malcolme, whom we name hereafter,
   The weeping parents wept in vain:

the ground.
In my Oration, how the People take

folly of people's not staying comfortably at home when they can!
     Off in the good ould country
"Well, Miss Woodhouse!" cried Harriet, coming eagerly into the room--
"the gendarmes are on them!  Now for freedom and a blow for it!
thou sayest, Go, tell thy lord, Behold, Elijah is here: and he shall
And Jonathan said unto his armourbearer, Come up after me: for the
Two enormous wooden pots painted black, and suspended by asses' ears,
stockings, and they hurt his feet.  Besides this, when he waited at
Beares such an Emphasis? whose phrase of Sorrow
like a thatched roof of the lane.  And the burning evening sky
of not marrying till every thing was ready, and the
civil triumph, by the door's being thrown open, the servant's
he could be sure of little else.  "His father's marriage," he said,

8:11 Solomon had a vineyard at Baalhamon; he let out the vineyard unto
it with all his heart, and prospered.
Glen; the trees stood high and haughty, feeling their living sap; the
a great tumult, but I knew not what it was.
Pharisee, the son of a Pharisee: of the hope and resurrection of the
a mother's place, but without a mother's affection to blind her.
sun, in its annual round, loiters for a predicted interval in any one
finished, her sister kissed her, and said, 'It WAS a curious dream,
sorry, though it were but for a season.
The way to dusty death. Out, out, breefe Candle,
we should be called the sons of God: therefore the world knoweth us
Isaac his son; and he took the fire in his hand, and a knife; and they
world were discovered, at the rebuking of the LORD, at the blast of
ewe lambs shalt thou take of my hand, that they may be a witness unto

How it is, there is no telling, but Islanders seem to make the best
shook your hand in the air?"

listened until he couldn't stand it another minute. He just _had_ to
judges.
By those swarms upon our rear we must never yield or falter,
man tried very patiently to pull off his nose. He is now, I
him lighter and cooler and quicker upon his feet.  He fell to
22:30 And the king of Israel said unto Jehoshaphat, I will disguise
My dear sir, you are too obliging.--Is there nobody you would

    love call me promptly and loudly by my nighest name as approach?
as he sat alone disconsolate by the sea-shore, dressed in tattered
eat unleavened bread.
all Judah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem fell before the LORD,
This story was told long ago by our Northern forefathers who brought it
and sometimes with conversation.  I am sure Miss Fairfax must

pray? for of course you must know, as you have been in
fountain sealed.

"My dear Emma, as long as he thinks so, it is so; but if he really

place, and rest a while: for there were many coming and going, and

While yet a little distance from the forge, moody Ahab paused; till

The Angel, nor in mist, the common gloss 
right hand hath spanned the heavens: when I call unto them, they stand
reproof is brutish.
at a loss to understand the almost ironical magnificence of all
8:13 And I beheld, and heard an angel flying through the midst of
but I've escaped rather better than you have.  Don't stand there, in the
And the other answered without turning round:

38:5 Who hath laid the measures thereof, if thou knowest? or who hath

'But it's no use now,' thought poor Alice, 'to pretend to be two people!


as the only weapons available, they clattered away down the steep,

18:9 And Saul eyed David from that day and forward.
Bestow them, ye who are now made parties to this indissoluble league.
I really must talk to him about purchasing a donkey.  In a country
26:7 He stretcheth out the north over the empty place, and hangeth the
Elinor's offered attendance, went out alone for the rest
convincing; and instantly followed by Willoughby himself,
Emma made as slight a reply as she could; but it was fully sufficient
long to tell your sister all about it."
she directly stole away towards the lanes; if they talked


31:1 The words of king Lemuel, the prophecy that his mother taught
"That's good.--Help me, man; I wish to stand.  So, so, I see him!
begotten of God keepeth himself, and that wicked one toucheth him not.
of star-lit sky and a huge thing made of white metal, with the

had been useful and good to her in a way which had considerably lessened

firstborn of Joseph; to wit, for Machir the firstborn of Manasseh, the
and by the beaches of unrecorded, javelin islands, battled with
that creature, when beheld in his ordinary moods, strangely tallies
A Bower in the Arsacides.
Began to rise, high passions, anger, hate, 
Return them back to Egypt, choosing rather 
urgent for a favourable answer.


9:39 But Jesus said, Forbid him not: for there is no man which shall
To giue these mourning duties to your Father:

is his name: 31:36 If those ordinances depart from before me, saith
long morning of the same continued rain had reduced very low.
must understand each other ere long.  We are not boy and girl,
41:22 And I saw in my dream, and, behold, seven ears came up in one
7:9 I beheld till the thrones were cast down, and the Ancient of days
age of twelve years. And they were astonished with a great

it upon the anvil--the red mass sending off the sparks in thick
had carried the milk, in her cart. And still she kept giving money to
"I didn't laugh at Louisa; and I surely may laugh, for it does nobody any
   Ham. I'm sorry they offend you heartily:
"Or that he did not give her the use of their own instrument--
praise him among the multitude.

    brace themselves against you? or who treat you with contempt,

down, to build, and to plant.
ointment poured forth, therefore do the virgins love thee.
their departing out of the land of Egypt.
own heart: and my spirit made diligent search.
despised my statutes, and had polluted my sabbaths, and their eyes
and Mrs. Weston must not speak of it again.  She then took another
Accept me; and, in me, from these receive 
to their inn last night.  Mary had been hysterical again this morning.
but it was quite true that two or three of the leaders in front
(I am less the jolly one there, and more the silent one with sweat
end of the rod that was in mine hand, and, lo, I must die.
Man is more robust than woman, but he is not longer lived;
"Say no more," said Miss Somers; "your wish is granted.  Tell Rose to
both sides, and don't like to see overmuch of each other's villanous
9:16 No man putteth a piece of new cloth unto an old garment, for that
history of Louisa, and to Henrietta's of herself, giving opinions
in heaven.


I was convinced there were two, and there is but one.  I never saw any
Welcome the measureless grazing-lands, welcome the teeming soil of
79:11 Let the sighing of the prisoner come before thee; according to
a scrape by taking so many?  Won't your father be apt to miss them?"
row-locks.

and capture of a whale, the body may get loose from the ship by
eldest sister, his mind was equally at liberty to fix on
Had it th' abilitie of life to thanke you:
Thus to the empyreal minister he framed. 
standing in three places, and all three places standing in one
}  The Ship Starting

Israel: thou shalt hough their horses, and burn their chariots with
None shall be slighted, none but shall here be honor'd, help'd, exampled.
Something unproved! something in a trance!
other, and slew him.
unsplinterable glasses!
the steps. He had repressed an elemental impulse to leap over the



He began to think it was to be, and that he could not prevent it--

red, Leonora's white.
that fishery; and in the sequel of the narrative, it will then be

"MacIan," said Turnbull, falling almost into the familiar tone of
rather than silver, when it had been fixed again by the seal of frost;
according to the multitude of thy tender mercies.


and that it had not been in vain.  She thought there was an air
     6

Three scythes at harvest whizzing in a row from three lusty angels
selves. Know ye not your own selves, how that Jesus Christ is in you,
Thou didst resign thy manhood, and the place 
   Reynol. As gaming my Lord
He was very much agitated--very much, indeed--to a degree that made
means incapable of swaying him.

"What the devil are you talking about?" asked the Professor.
hours' time he promised to produce a grand effect.  High expectations
pocket of the Lakeman's monkey jacket, as he was tucking the coat
alongside, as well as their intention so to do.

which had wintered in the isle, whose sign was Castor and Pollux.
Rebellious to his Arme, lyes where it falles

"We'll help you to pick them up if you will let us," cried Paul and Anne;
Spell of all brave and manly hearts, the trains of time through you
Out of the rolling ocean the crowd came a drop gently to me,
went unto him, and besought him that he would come down, and heal his
19:5 And he set judges in the land throughout all the fenced cities of
his death were more than they which he slew in his life.
   Clo. You lye out on't Sir, and therefore it is not yours:
These couchings, and these lowly courtesies
which is saying a great deal I assure you, Emma.--You laugh at me
that he might redeem us from all iniquity, and purify unto himself a
whale-ship are comparable to the unspeakable carrion of those
4:16 And it came to pass from that time forth, that the half of my
The slain elate and alive again, the dust and debris alive,
The difference of Harriet at Mrs. Goddard's, or in London, made perhaps

Then she got out with an almost cruel coolness and began pulling
19:4 But before they lay down, the men of the city, even the men of

4:9 And it shall come to pass at that day, saith the LORD, that the
     "I'm going to have another look at that portrait of the Chamberlain,
in their class.  Fisher betted on Archer's head, who had not sense enough
for any sin, in any sin that he sinneth: at the mouth of two
9:56 For the Son of man is not come to destroy men's lives, but to
in water.
32:44 Men shall buy fields for money, and subscribe evidences, and
It suited Mary best to think Henrietta the one preferred
hull, that at first it seemed as if he meant it malice; but suddenly
Hands by the halyards! in top-gallant sails!  Stand by to reef

   La. If he had beene forgotten,

26:4 My manner of life from my youth, which was at the first among
Washington stands inside the lines, he stands on the intrench'd
20:37 Then he found another man, and said, Smite me, I pray thee. And
2:9 Woe to him that coveteth an evil covetousness to his house, that
grateful for being admitted to Hartfield, and so artlessly
first day after the venison season, and that particular venison
"Now, as you well know, it is not seldom the case in this
O alienate from God, O Spirit accursed, 
The physician after long putting off gives the silent and terrible
3:45 Thou hast made us as the offscouring and refuse in the midst of
of solemn nonsense was talked on the subject, but I believed none
"Thank you, sir, thank you; I am going this moment myself; and I
the difficulties that must have perplexed the engagement,
in spite of fatigue and fear and the world and the flesh and the
them the brown fog fell until it warmed into fire.  Through the
31:30 Favour is deceitful, and beauty is vain: but a woman that

there is sprinkled of the blood thereof upon any garment, thou shalt

2:14 I have written unto you, fathers, because ye have known him that

forward.  One begged Mary to let her plat some packthread for the soles;
cut the big chains."
thing in the world."
side, and the space was one cubit on that side: and the little
13:11 And all Israel shall hear, and fear, and shall do no more any

all this time?  Do you suppose him really indifferent to her?"
"My hand's cut with your broken glass," cried another.
of fathoms of rope; as, after deep sounding, he floats up again, and

The measur'd sea-surf beating on the sand,
Me and mine, loose windrows, little corpses,
hath said, and the man whose eyes are open hath said: 24:16 He hath
sounding his well known whistle as a signal.  His followers gathered

Israelites for an inheritance, as I have commanded thee.
and the work of the service of the house of God; 23:29 Both for the
curtain from the selvedge in the coupling; and likewise shalt thou
what had passed except the three principals, and especially
Only unto the land of the children of Ammon thou camest not, nor unto
from the carnival, such as that with which crowds receive kings.
roofs they have burned incense unto all the host of heaven, and have
pressed by Mrs. Dashwood to stay longer; but, as if he
as the heavens, because our kings have come back to us."
O, for that warning voice, which he, who saw 
the law and to the testimony: if they speak not according to this
scarlet, and fine twined linen, with cunning work.
Solomon his son, saying, 2:2 I go the way of all the earth: be thou
Did you ask dulcet rhymes from me?

She met Mr. Weston on his entrance, with a smiling countenance,
104:30 Thou sendest forth thy spirit, they are created: and thou
6:12 And Joshua rose early in the morning, and the priests took up the



    those drain'd by the Tennessee, or through those of the Arkansas,
attacked; therefore it was, that those who by accident ignorantly
allow him to hope?"
but the ways of Hartfield and the feelings of her father were
Native perfumes, and whisper whence they stole 
at his back window, and been driven away by him with great indignation,

it shall be over against the oblation of the holy portion; and the
36:20 These are the sons of Seir the Horite, who inhabited the land;
Gibeah of Saul.
none else.
incredible rowing, but by repeated loud and intrepid exclamations;
which pressed on her now.--Birth, abilities, and education,

while to come. And is this the manner of man, O Lord GOD?  7:20 And
suppose you were to go, as well as your husband.  Leave little Charles
will rejoice over thee with joy; he will rest in his love, he will joy
law for them: the priest that maketh atonement therewith shall have

that thou art come. Now therefore are we all here present before God,
    breasts, seeking to strike thee deep within,
aside to another instead of thy husband, and if thou be defiled, and

And various:  Wondering at my flight and change 
another, she committeth adultery.
"Who on earth are you?" cried the stranger in a high shrill
"Oh, no, indeed, she has not a bad heart!" cried Louisa, running up to

truth.
As I wended the shores I know,


his wife should never be acknowledged as her daughter,
can do no good?  15:4 Yea, thou castest off fear, and restrainest

118:25 Save now, I beseech thee, O LORD: O LORD, I beseech thee, send
even for poor Isabella's sake; and who consequently was now most


solace the languishing interval with his pipe.  He withdrew it from
How it is I know not; but there is no place like a bed for
She tried to be calm, and leave things to take their course,
By their great intercessour, came in sight 
would have you so firmly established in good society, as to be

me at that time also.
dark spot, however small, on the sea.  This way and that her yards
To speak; whereat their doubled ranks they bend 

whom the god of this world hath blinded the minds of them which
Such instigations haue beene often dropt,

more and more between; and each blow every day grew fainter than the
19:16 And when the Syrians saw that they were put to the worse before
of the fathers of the tribes of the children of Israel; 21:2 And they
Emma found that she must wait; and now it required little effort.


'And who is Dinah, if I might venture to ask the question?' said the
queerest old man Stubb ever sailed with.  How he flashed at me!--his
56:12 Come ye, say they, I will fetch wine, and we will fill ourselves
into the sea at once, and actually was all but gone, if he had not,
shalt not anoint thyself with the oil; for thine olive shall cast his
should be fulfilled: and after that he must be loosed a little season.
Syria, behold, there was no man there.



iron, and wood for things of wood; onyx stones, and stones to be set,
were you in?"
temple, and said unto him, If thou be the Son of God, cast thyself
of them that divide the hoof: as the camel, because he cheweth the

sugar-plums, did I tell you I loved them, or even my sister, so well as
To you whoe'er you are--a look.
how natural, how certain too!  It included nearly a third part

Well, my dear, I wish you joy of it again and again;
it is not to be supposed that Mrs. Ferrars can have

but, as her friend was well, she endeavoured not to be uneasy,
eyeing the gingerbread, she knew she had no reason to complain,


hand, and they mock me.
me: forasmuch as when the LORD had delivered me into thine hand, thou
Abominations; and with cursed things 
And there is no trade or employment but the young man following it
12:11 And when they bring you unto the synagogues, and unto
his father, he would have contrived it between September and January.

There is no use in delay.  I shall not be far off, if you want me."--
Harriet looked grave.
about the weight of a talent: and men blasphemed God because of the
unto the fathers by the prophets, 1:2 Hath in these last days spoken
"Very likely.  And when you are in a passion, as you call it, Cecilia,
existence of the unspeakable terrors of the whale, which, having been

"The clerks grow expert from habit.--They must begin with some
celebrated Professor de Worms, who is, I believe, in Naples."

be satisfied; and as to the power of addressing him, she felt all over
"Oh! get on," cried Lucifer, boisterously.

Stars distant, but nigh hand seemed other worlds; 
with sweetness of manner," made the first and the last of the description.
     The priest could hear him dragging down his palm-leaf hat from the peg
required of thee: then whose shall those things be, which thou hast
of the dowager Viscountess Dalrymple before her, had nothing to wish for
23:17 Because I was not cut off before the darkness, neither hath he

completed fabric; this savage's sword, thought I, which thus finally

26:19 And thou shalt make forty sockets of silver under the twenty
     Unfix'd yet fix'd,
of a face looking in through the garden window just behind the Admiral--


To euery seuerall man, seuenty fiue Drachmaes


Knowing the perfect fitness and equanimity of things, while they


sacrifice, ye would not have condemned the guiltless.
and Anne was well repaid the first trouble of exertion.
of impatient suffering, she at first refused to do.
Whenever one had been cut down and carried away the others talked about
recollect.  But her mother pressed to know the whole, and she related it

baptism of repentance for the remission of sins; 3:4 As it is written

in itself, upon the earth: and it was so.
no more.
several times, directly and indirectly, given the world below to
she wished it were equally evident that he still

the paths.
18:8 For he is cast into a net by his own feet, and he walketh upon a
his injustice, and apologize for his box of the ear.  But no apology
with the half of any decent man's blanket.
the commonest kind must prevent such a hasty removal as that."

neck brake, and he died: for he was an old man, and heavy. And he had
them, Receive ye the Holy Ghost: 20:23 Whose soever sins ye remit,
14:20 And they brought him on horses: and he was buried at Jerusalem
to all the injustice and all the discredit of the selfish arrangements
certain prophet, named Agabus.

eating with a vigorous appetite) he suddenly leaped to his feet,
One of his Psalms that everybody loves is a song that David made when he
shall ever convey a family of ladies anywhere, if I can help it."

   All. The Will, the Will; we will heare Caesars Will
whom the king of Assyria his master hath sent to reproach the living
that however sorry and ashamed for the necessity of the removal,
she had forgotten to think of him--but she was very glad to see him.

they do.  So does the country beyond that and the sea beyond that
and a beautiful crown upon thine head.

145:12 To make known to the sons of men his mighty acts, and the
and the lion standing by the carcase: and they came and told it in the


'I'm sure those are not the right words,' said poor Alice, and her eyes
sware to our father Abraham, 1:74 That he would grant unto us, that we
Like this fair Paradise, your sense; yet such 

according to their divisions by their tribes. And the land rested from
    stand fast;)

confined always to one room;--he could have wished it otherwise--
were heavy and the French inhabitants were indifferent.  In any



silver and gold, to take away cattle and goods, to take a great spoil?
2:10 For we have heard how the LORD dried up the water of the Red sea
had given Louisa up, had ceased to love, had found he did not love her.
Mrs. Pomfret, however, though sometimes blinded by her prejudices, was no
Ever since Syme had risen Gregory had sat staring at him, his face
shall slide in due time: for the day of their calamity is at hand, and
toward the south country.
7:11 And the men of Israel went out of Mizpeh, and pursued the
   Appeared like his father, in white.
one whom his spirit made willing, and they brought the LORD's offering
she was determined at all events to open the eyes
"It would be in the newspapers, of course," said the girl.

thunder him higher than a throne!  Thou who, in all Thy mighty,
distant detonation, and the door he was trying to open shook


afterwards, by marriage, Mary Folger, one of the old settlers of
That must be mortal to us both.  O flowers, 
to see how much it was.  Look at it."
His further attempts at conversation, somewhat disorganised in
sword, and they that remain shall be scattered toward all winds: and
see which was really the more feeble. But I won. An old man in poor


     "My name is Brown.  Pray excuse me.  I've come about

observers of times, and unto diviners: but as for thee, the LORD thy
man's religion is one thing, and this practical world quite another.
answer him with your speeches.
"Are you all right?" said Turnbull, with civility.  "Can you keep
his century permitted to walking the world literally like Don Juan,
     "But it doesn't fit him," cried Hood impatiently.  "He couldn't
"What is the matter, Philip?" said Miss Somers, in a pacifying tone; but

not troubled Israel; but thou, and thy father's house, in that ye have
redeemed them from the hand of the enemy.
iron handle of his huge machine.  The engine stopped, stooped, and
was involuntarily hurried along, and reached the bottom
his soul.

string along in a row with that mast, for oughts, do you see; well,
Cap, we are not the very Button
45:13 I have raised him up in righteousness, and I will direct all his

"I tell you it can't be!" cried the Colonel, stamping.
Seleucia; and from thence they sailed to Cyprus.
I have really for some time past, for at least these three months,
king of Babylon from the neck of all nations within the space of two
"this is the only exit, and it is locked on the inside.  Third, this


a lion roareth: and when he had cried, seven thunders uttered their

I couldn't get out of, when I went down into it. I'll go no nearer to
(for I heard the strong branches breaking and snapping like bayonets)
Scotchman--called himself a booby, a dupe, and a blockhead, for ever
sword in one hand and the lantern in the other.
anger, nor in battle.
upon the cart; and put the jewels of gold, which ye return him for a
She had learnt, in the last ten minutes, more of his feelings
36:8 And every daughter, that possesseth an inheritance in any tribe
"My brother?  I have no brother, dunce," said Mrs. Theresa.
course, the irrepressible M. Camille Bert.  The others seemed to
28:25 He that is of a proud heart stirreth up strife: but he that
80:4 O LORD God of hosts, how long wilt thou be angry against the
15:27 And she said, Truth, Lord: yet the dogs eat of the crumbs which
"I understand now," he cried; "of course, you're not an old man at
"That I wish you joy of your prosperity, and hope you may enjoy it long

14:10 Thou hast indeed smitten Edom, and thine heart hath lifted thee
stone which the builders rejected, the same is become the head of the
The small shrill sounds which came through the crash of the
73:24 Thou shalt guide me with thy counsel, and afterward receive me
22:41 And it came to pass on the morrow, that Balak took Balaam, and



seemed thereby bringing two remote associations together, for that
a cable I have no knife to cut.  Horrible old man!  Who's over him,


"Yes, I do.  Your countenance perfectly informs me that you were
149:7 To execute vengeance upon the heathen, and punishments upon the
2:13 And the Jews' passover was at hand, and Jesus went up to
you may depend on it.  I told him the distance and the road,
my eyes may last me as well.'"
Glad was the Spirit impure, as now in hope 
Forbearance no acquittance, ere day end. 
temple, sitting in the midst of the doctors, both hearing them, and
in the day of his transgression: as for the wickedness of the wicked,
"Handsome!  Oh! no--far from it--certainly plain.  I told you he
     Now such a story who ever heard?

ears of corn dried by the fire, even corn beaten out of full ears.
14:1 Follow after charity, and desire spiritual gifts, but rather that
Jehoash the son of Jehoahaz to reign over Israel in Samaria, and
    and freedom?)

And gracious temper he both heard, and judged, 
Ever-returning spring, trinity sure to me you bring,
Manet Hamlet & Horatio.
pray give him my compliments and Mrs Croft's, and say that we are
2:4  And this I say, lest any man should beguile you with enticing words.
goe the Primrose way to th' euerlasting Bonfire.
stooped for age: he gave them all into his hand.
floated;--and that gentleman there will tell you the rest (by the
now."

 Under his gloomy power I shall not long 
thing that creepeth on the ground, which I have separated from you as
the glory of the LORD filled the house.

swim.
Discarding peace over all the sea and land.
A bright idea came into Alice's head. 'Is that the reason so many
whale beyond also rose to sight, and once more the boats were free to
we heeded them not, going along wheeling the barrow by turns, and
But first I bend to the dying lad, his eyes open, a half-smile gives he me,
     "Up above the world you fly,
Churchill's part.
Your Hand, your Tongue: looke like th' innocent flower,
dominion, that thou shalt break his yoke from off thy neck.

quiet moods.  Yes, we were now in that enchanted calm which they say
house of Josiah the son of Zephaniah; 6:11 Then take silver and gold,

but I should think, Miss Elliot," (looking with serious reflection),
LORD have deceived that prophet, and I will stretch out my hand upon


exhausted it.  Their long and changing argument had taken them

And I will giue you Audience
covered them on the inside with wood, and covered the floor of the
4:1 Hear the word of the LORD, ye children of Israel: for the LORD
which filled the whole soul and beamed in the eyes
"I should be extremely happy; I hope you cannot doubt my willingness
A'n't I a good boy?  I know you love a play; and there is room for us all.
the mute, motionless Parsee's face.  Unobserved he rose and glided


shall pass through, then ye shall be trodden down by it.
not do.  There is no admiration between them, I do assure you;
in thee: for thy merchants were the great men of the earth; for by thy
There by the furnace, and there by the anvil,
The sky above was loaded with the clouds of snow, leaving London
vessel had been spoken which on the very day preceding had actually
And now, divided into four main streams, 
and space and planets seemed to shoot up past him as the sparks

the butcher's hand; they threw their arms round the neck of the lamb;
a great blockhead, Frank, if you bring the aunt without the niece."
he shall choose to place his name there, the tithe of thy corn, of thy
the image of the beast should both speak, and cause that as many as
idle?"  For the first time MacIan started as if he had not
10:21 Then Jesus beholding him loved him, and said unto him, One thing

know, round the handle, and a frost ground, and then the medallions--"
LORD.

infidel of Abraham, and not one syllable is thine!"
children of Israel.
and Tobijah, and Tobadonijah, Levites; and with them Elishama and
Mysterious ocean where the streams empty,

Or that the Euerlasting had not fixt
that he would not delay to come to them.
as they returned to Berkeley Street.
let her go whither she will; but thou shalt not sell her at all for



Is to stay here; without thee here to stay, 
hast thou in the house? And she said, Thine handmaid hath not any
Emma laughed, and replied,

light of Rembrandt, leaving all else obliterated; now again he had
8:14 Jesus answered and said unto them, Though I bear record of
ladies' plaudits?  And if the idea of peril so much enhances the

Old age land-lock'd within its winter bay--(cold, cold, O cold!)
We may with more successful hope resolve 
22:18 And the king of Israel said unto Jehoshaphat, Did I not tell
the only thing left--sanity. But there was just enough in him of
maketh the dumb, or deaf, or the seeing, or the blind? have not I the
roof he saw a woman washing herself; and the woman was very beautiful
Syme; but Syme replied almost pertly--
respite was granted.  After the full interval of his sounding had
He was steady, observant, moderate, candid; never run away with by spirits
Valencourt Arms festivity itself had some solemnity and decorum;
    beautiful-faced, looking you straight in the eyes,

behold, at the door of the temple of the LORD, between the porch and
The lyrist's measur'd beat, the wrought-out temple's grace--column
Passage to India!
in the going down to Bethhoron, that the LORD cast down great stones
28:9 And the woman said unto him, Behold, thou knowest what Saul hath
and her companion's falsehood--"Engaged to Mr. Edward
field for a possession of a buryingplace of Ephron the Hittite, before
The Miss Musgroves agreed to it; and having all kindly watched him
been gradually led along.  She was accordingly more guarded,

In his preceding attempts to attach himself to Louisa Musgrove
    close to the bottom,
couldn't be so jolly paralytic as I was. Then he tried to blast my
6:49 But Aaron and his sons offered upon the altar of the burnt
Assuredly Solomon thy son shall reign after me, and he shall sit upon
give the money, wherewith the odd number of them is to be redeemed,
"I am afraid it's no go."
LORD: 6:3 He shall separate himself from wine and strong drink, and

BUSTER BEAR IS GREATLY PUZZLED
afraid of the king's commandment.
wrinkling brow and said in a voice much saner than any he had yet
35:4 Let them be confounded and put to shame that seek after my soul:

upon his favourite trigonometry, was interrupted by the sudden entrance

She could not speak another word.--Her voice was lost; and she
so much as found near his dressing-room door.,
Mithnite, 11:44 Uzzia the Ashterathite, Shama and Jehiel the sons of
possibly have done.
Caroling free, singing our song of God,
of all that very well; if a certain person who shall
the Ministers of our God: ye shall eat the riches of the Gentiles, and
Where through the carnage I moved with a callous composure, or away
far down the dark passages I had passed, I heard the heavy street-door
might be, who were now seeing them together for the first time.
16:20 Now the rest of the acts of Zimri, and his treason that he
'Come on!' cried the Gryphon, and, taking Alice by the hand, it hurried
In such employments as these they were interrupted

And so returne to you, and nothing else?


Rory.  But was that all the shabbiness?  Now I might, or any of us might,

a slackened pace and observing eyes.--Emma's remark was--

rather than the present, she avoided every appearance
chariot: and we will fight against them in the plain, and surely we
but the soothing attentions of his daughters gradually removed
necessary to pay her a visit.--This was an obligation,
"He turns and turns him to it,--how slowly, but how steadfastly, his
     That no temptation is unseen,

and the goings out thereof were at Kirjathbaal, which is


36:14 They die in youth, and their life is among the unclean.

But love is not over--and what love, O comrades!
20:19 Then said Hezekiah unto Isaiah, Good is the word of the LORD
121:5 The LORD is thy keeper: the LORD is thy shade upon thy right
loaded it, and rammed home the loading with his thumb-end; but hardly
17:13 And he had much business in the cities of Judah: and the men of
His worshippers?  He knows that in the day 
One is directed by the captain himself against the enemy's main-mast,
While we rehearse our measureless wealth, it is for thee, dear Mother,
you: make haste now, for he came to day to the city; for there is a
11:38 But in his estate shall he honour the God of forces: and a god
concealing resentment, and avoiding eclat, were enough to occupy
30:25 And it was so from that day forward, that he made it a statute
he must be ordained in readiness; and I am very glad
                Rory sings, and Lord John sings with him.
ye insult me.  It's an all-fired outrage to tell any human creature
"You spoke of a second question," snapped Gregory.
a third shot picked up a spurt of snow and dust behind his heel.
     "Cray!" exclaimed the Major, staring at him; "did you fire that shot?"
    beat up and down seeking to give satisfaction,


and curse me for ever, but he was a gentleman, and would defend me
as you well know, affords little to write about.  We have had
25:42 For they are my servants, which I brought forth out of the land

44:4 Howbeit I sent unto you all my servants the prophets, rising
different conviction.

without blemish, and offer them before the LORD.

the argument."
Our Offices, and what we haue to doe,
from town.  Jane came back delighted yesterday.  Thank ye,
Fox. But when his temper is aroused and gets away from him, then watch
house of God: the sons of Henadad, with their sons and their brethren
written, 4:18 The Spirit of the Lord is upon me, because he hath


moment, I assure you, or I should have told you before.  Don't chop his
not mind that at all. As soon as his mother opened the door he said, "Is
unleavened cakes, and for that which is baked in the pan, and for that
this sort; and I answered them after the same manner.
with an entirely new series of Tricks at the Empire Pavilion,
And I will show that whatever happens to anybody it may be turn'd to
    you forth,
"Oh! Miss Woodhouse, what do you think has happened!" which instantly
hardly be more interested about you than I am.  I shall write
11:25 Then departed Barnabas to Tarsus, for to seek Saul: 11:26 And
it shall be wholly desolate: every one that goeth by Babylon shall be
was speechless.
With a roar of anger Buster Bear charged out of his hiding place. He
dealt thus with us, to carry us forth out of Egypt?  14:12 Is not this
Beware what precedes the decay of the ruggedness of states and men.
house of the LORD, and have delivered it into the hand of the
guess when he finds himself docked in that queer fashion, he'll sneak
Now, the Pequod had sailed from Nantucket at the very beginning of



"If we could be certain that it would be only
fruitful field, both soul and body: and they shall be as when a
His insight and power encircle things and the human race,
have in nature the slightest objection to introducing you to my Lady

46:1 Bel boweth down, Nebo stoopeth, their idols were upon the beasts,
Levites out of all their places, to bring them to Jerusalem, to keep
"So I remember to have heard.  He will find an _addition_ to the

tempest; to whom the mist of darkness is reserved for ever.
to me, asking me for an explanation, with those bewitching
For that celestial light? Be it so, since he 
would not object to such a scheme, if her elder sister
persons; and now the LORD thy God hath made thee as the stars of

and which none but Emma could have had power to place there and

authenticated ones too, where the captain has been known for an
In the present instance, this last-arrived lady allowed

and be merry: 15:24 For this my son was dead, and is alive again; he
accepted the butcher's proposal, though with such seeming reluctance,
of an everlasting priesthood; because he was zealous for his God, and
Such another scheme, composed of so many ill-assorted people,
   Hor. Haue after, to what issue will this come?
as to various chemical improvements.  He had lately even discovered


with yellow hair and a yellow gown, standing in the porch of the inn,
Then through the fiery pillar, and the cloud, 
even unto the river Arnon half the valley, and the border even unto


than you are. You'll find it pays."

Anne said what was proper, and enquired after her husband.
saying, See that no man know it.
trifling weight--was nothing to what I felt when I heard,
fall, and rise no more, because of the sword which I will send among
It might be that a long interval would elapse ere the White Whale was
is presenting such a delightful inferiority? And as for Harriet,
as ever he could, it was also true that Buster Bear had done the same

day, before that thou shalt thrice deny that thou knowest me.

17:15 According to all these words, and according to all this vision,
the third likewise.
104:9 Thou hast set a bound that they may not pass over; that they
"So did I, Frederick, I declare," cried Marianne, laughing, "I never
the woman, and of him that lieth with her that is unclean.
subjection under their hand.

     "Of our dead selves to higher things," assented his companion.
nickel buttons, had also come on a flying ship.  He merely let his
spotted by the flesh.
sabbath day; and his disciples began, as they went, to pluck the ears
I see the tracks of ancient and modern expeditions.
should take away sins.

save that their smallest baggage and even the contents of their pockets
originally educated according to the strictest sect of Nantucket
"Upon my soul," he added, "I believe it is nothing more;
let none remain in it; but did unto the king thereof as he did unto
44:5 And the LORD said unto me, Son of man, mark well, and behold with
17:9 And thou shalt come unto the priests the Levites, and unto the


or a cap, would not be liable to any such misuse, when a knock at the door


7:17 Thus saith the LORD, In this thou shalt know that I am the LORD:

now set, and, with the still rising wind, we rushed along; the boat

and fifty.
my dear Emma--but it is better than being always at home.

Weave in, weave in, my hardy life,
before the great and terrible day of the LORD come.
salt bearer, I understand, and has a prodigious superb white and gold
ere long see him, beating his tambourine; prelusive of the eternal
Issuing from me: on your joint vigour now 
kingdom of God should immediately appear.
up thine eyes unto them, nor remember Egypt any more.

7:23 And what one nation in the earth is like thy people, even like


thy seed after thee; Every man child among you shall be circumcised.
puzzle myself with it.
before the door; your patched boots are stopping the way.  So on I
liers in wait abiding in the chamber. And he brake them from off his


16:14 But the Spirit of the LORD departed from Saul, and an evil
which was too frank to be understood. But this was a kind of
They measure all, of other excellence 
  King. Sweet Gertrude leaue vs too,
Instantly the Wind began to blow; he puffed and tugged at the man's
even without wisdom.
agonizingly shot from the spiracle of the whale, and vehement puff

Served in building the buildings that last longer than any,
fundamentally more exciting, as indicating that that moving tower

don't know how much gunpowder, in the count's house, from which we have
   Macb. If Chance will haue me King,
21:36 Or if it be known that the ox hath used to push in time past,
also: and I will recompense them according to their deeds, and
He so frequently talked of the increasing expenses
found in thee.
another: and Isaac sent them away, and they departed from him in
from the house of the LORD, and came by the way of the gate of the
"Mr. Young, College Salt Bearer; white and gold dress, rich satin bag,
"Why, Sir Arthur," interposed the politic attorney, with an assumed air


that the LORD thy God is he which goeth over before thee; as a
bitter: my stroke is heavier than my groaning.
quickly.


gate toward the east, shall be holy unto the LORD; it shall not be
nothing extraordinary.  I have not the least idea of his being
Thou globe of globes! thou wonder nebulous!
Indian Oceans.
5:9 And he asked him, What is thy name? And he answered, saying, My
Urania, and fit audience find, though few. 
tone. 'The Queen will hear you! You see, she came rather late, and the


21:25 And another dieth in the bitterness of his soul, and never

for a corroborative example, if such be needed.
slightly altered, and the sail to be shortened.

was a certain work-basket to be finished, which she was making for her
Mixed with Tartarean sulphur and strange fire, 
7:18 And he made the pillars, and two rows round about upon the one


take place, on her must rest all the reproach of having given it
Then, coming nearer, it solidified into a figure that was, indeed,
4:6 Now Jacob's well was there. Jesus therefore, being wearied with

thorns, and nettles had covered the face thereof, and the stone wall
Judaea, that thy disciples also may see the works that thou doest.
then.
instruct thee: and upon earth he shewed thee his great fire; and thou

"No," replied Lucy, "not to Mr. ROBERT Ferrars--I
the bars of iron: 45:3 And I will give thee the treasures of darkness,
"Now, my dear, I bring you something that I am sure
Lord J. (follows).  But what can have become of Talbot?  I have been too
15:6 And Saul said unto the Kenites, Go, depart, get you down from
they have gone a whoring from under their God.
10:11 Let such an one think this, that, such as we are in word by
O give me the clue! (it lurks in the night here somewhere,)

"Oh, I have heard all that!" said Turnbull with genial contempt.

Heroick built, though of terrestrial mould; 
1:21 And God created great whales, and every living creature that

And now the tops of hills, as rocks, appear; 

heads, and came to the king of Israel, and said, Thy servant Benhadad
And what I was, whence thither brought, and how. 
136:19 Sihon king of the Amorites: for his mercy endureth for ever:
 
'Tis giuen, with welcome: to feede were best at home:
bread and cheese, and reading a newspaper.
bondwomen, and no man shall buy you.
With warbled hymns, and to his Godhead sing 
anxiety.  "They'll never forgive me! don't betray me! they'll never
Salvation shall be preached, but to the sons 
And bring your youngest brother unto me: then shall I know that ye are
whither I have driven them in mine anger, and in my fury, and in great
particular feat of the shark seems all but miraculous.  How at such

O longings irrepressible! O I will go back to old Tennessee and
Imagined rather oft than elsewhere seen, 
Till he disbursed, at Saint Colmes ynch,
that might lead to her sister's relief, Elinor resolved
1:15 John bare witness of him, and cried, saying, This was he of whom
Where he fell flat and shamed his worshippers: 

The years straying toward infidelity he withholds by his steady faith,

at your house, or ours.  Will not it be a good plan?  If _we_
division of the families of the Levites.
grass, about two hundred yards away, with a crowd screaming and
thyself sick: and when thy father cometh to see thee, say unto him, I
Shaded ledges and rests it shall be you!
"And as mechanical," muttered Ahab.  Then as the men went forward, he
the observation of "your sister looks unwell to-day,"
2:22 When therefore he was risen from the dead, his disciples
I am of London, Manchester, Bristol, Edinburgh, Limerick,
From New Jersey , Morgan hastened to the headquarters of Washington at Whitemarsh , Pennsylvania , arriving there on November 18th . There was much sickness in the corps , and the men were , in addition , without the clothing , shoes , and blankets needed for the winter weather . Morgan himself had sciatica again . Even on his tough constitution , the exposure and strenuous activity were beginning to tell in earnest . On the morning of November 17th , Cornwallis and 2,000 men had left Philadelphia with the object of capturing Fort Mercer at Red Bank , New Jersey . In order to prevent this , Washington hastened to dispatch several units to reinforce the fort , including a force under the Marquis De Lafayette containing some 160 of Morgan's riflemen , all who were fit for duty at this time , the rest having no shoes . Although the fort was evacuated in the face of the force of Cornwallis , Morgan and his men did have a chance to take another swing at the redcoats . A picket guard of about 350 , mostly Hessians , were attacked by the Americans under Lafayette , and driven back to their camp , some twenty to thirty of them falling before the riflemen's fire . `` I never saw men '' , Lafayette declared in regard to the riflemen , `` so merry , so spirited , and so desirous to go on to the enemy , whatever force they might have , as that small party in this fight '' . Nathanael Greene told Washington that `` Lafayette was charmed with the spirited behavior of the militia and riflemen '' . A few days later it was learned that General Howe was planning an attack upon the American camp . The British general moved his forces north from Philadelphia to Chestnut Hill , near the right wing of the patriot encampment . Here the Pennsylvania militia skirmished with the British , but soon fled . Morgan was ordered to attack the enemy , who had meantime moved to Edge Hill on the left of the Americans . Similar orders were given to the Maryland militia . Morgan immediately disposed his troops for action and found he had not long to wait . A body of redcoats were seen marching down a nearby slope , a tempting target for the riflemen , who threw a volley into their ranks and `` messed up '' the smart formation considerably . Now the riflemen and the Marylanders followed up their beginning and closed in on the British , giving them another telling round of fire . The redcoats ran like rabbits . But the Maryland militia had likewise fled , all too typical of this type of soldier during the Revolution , an experience which gave Morgan little confidence in militia in general , as he watched other instances of their breaking in hot engagements . The British , although suffering considerable losses , noted the defection of the Marylanders , made a stand , then turned and attacked Morgan who became greatly outnumbered and had to retire . The Americans lost forty-four men , among them Major Joseph Morris of Morgan's regiment , an officer who was regarded with high esteem and affection , not only by his commander , but by Washington and Lafayette as well . The latter was so upset on learning of the death of Morris , that he wrote Morgan a letter , showing his own warmhearted generosity . After complimenting Morgan and the riflemen and saying he was praising them to Congress , too , the ardent Frenchman added he felt that Congress should make some financial restitution to the widow and family of Morris , but that he knew Morgan realized how long such action usually required , if it was done at all . `` As Mrs. Morris may be in some want before that time '' , Lafayette continued , `` I am going to trouble you with a commission which I beg you will execute with the greatest secrecy . If she wanted to borrow any sum of money in expecting the arrangements of Congress , it would not become a stranger , unknown to her , to offer himself for that purpose . But you could ( as from yourself ) tell her that you had friends who , being with the army , don't know what to do with their money and would willingly let her have one or many thousand dollars '' . This was accordingly done , and the plight of the grateful Mrs. Morris was much relieved as a result of the generous loan , the amount of which is not known . Apparently still sensitive about the idea with which General Gates had approached him at Saratoga , namely , that George Washington be replaced , Morgan was vehement in his support of the commander-in-chief during the campaign around Philadelphia . Richard Peters , Secretary of the Board of War , thought Morgan was so extreme on the subject that he accused him of trying to pick a quarrel . Morgan hotly denied this and informed the Board of War that the men in camp linked the name of Peters with the plot against Washington . Peters insisted that this impression was a great misunderstanding , and evidently , from the quarrel , obtained an unfavorable impression of Morgan's judgment . Such a situation regarding the Board of War could hardly have helped Morgan's chances for promotion when that matter came before the group later on . In late December , the American army moved from Whitemarsh to Valley Forge , and although the distance was only 13 miles , the journey took more than a week because of the bad weather , the barefooted and almost naked men . The position of the new camp was admirably selected and well fortified , its easily defensible nature being one good reason why Howe did not attack it . Besides helping to prevent the movement of the British to the west , Valley Forge also obstructed the trade between Howe's forces and the farmers , thus threatening the vital subsistence of the redcoats and rendering their foraging to obtain necessary supplies extremely hazardous . In order to see that this hindering situation remained effective , Washington detached several bodies of his troops to the periphery of the Philadelphia area . Morgan and his corps were placed on the west side of the Schuylkill River , with instructions to intercept all supplies found going to the city and to keep a close eye on the movements of the enemy . The headquarters of Morgan was on a farm , said to have been particularly well located so as to prevent the farmers nearby from trading with the British , a practice all too common to those who preferred to sell their produce for British gold rather than the virtually worthless Continental currency . In his dealings with offenders , however , Morgan was typically firm but just . For example , he captured some persons from York County , who with teams were taking to Philadelphia the furniture of a man who had just been released from prison through the efforts of his wife , and who apparently was helpless to prevent the theft of his household goods . Morgan took charge of the furniture and restored it to its thankful owners , but he let the culprits who had stolen it go free . Morgan complained to Washington about the men detailed to him for scouting duty , most of them he said being useless . `` They straggle at such a rate '' , he told the commander-in-chief , `` that if the enemy were enterprising , they might get two from us , when we would take one of them , which makes me wish General Howe would go on , lest any incident happen to us '' . If the hardships of the winter at Valley Forge were trying for healthy men , they were , of course , much more so for those not in good health . Daniel Morgan's rheumatic condition worsened with the increase of the cold and damp weather . He had braved the elements and the enemy , but the strain , aided by the winter , was catching up with him at last . Also , he was now forty-three years old . The mild activity of his command during the sojourn of the troops at Valley Forge could be handled by a subordinate , he felt , so like Henry Knox , equally loyal to Washington , who went to Boston at this time , Morgan received permission to visit his home in Virginia for several weeks . In his absence , the rifle regiment was under the command of Major Thomas Posey , another able Virginian . But Morgan did not leave before he had written a letter to a William Pickman in Salem , Massachusetts , apparently an acquaintance , praising Washington and saying that the slanders propagated about him were `` opposed by the general current of the people to exalt General Gates at the expense of General Washington was injurious to the latter . If there be a disinterested patriot in America , 'tis General Washington , and his bravery , none can question '' . It is doubtful if Morgan was able to take home much money to his wife and children , for his pay , as shown by the War Department Abstracts of early 1778 was $75 a month as a colonel , and that apt to be delayed . He was shown a warm welcome regardless , and spent the time in Winchester recuperating from his ailment , enjoying his family and arranging his private affairs which were , of course , run down . His neighbors celebrated his return , even if it was only temporary , and Morgan was especially gratified by the quaint expression of an elderly friend , Isaac Lane , who told him , `` A man that has so often left all that is dear to him , as thou hast , to serve thy country , must create a sympathetic feeling in every patriotic heart '' . There must have been special feelings of joy and patriotism in the heart of Daniel Morgan too , when the news was received on April 30th of the recognition by France of the independence of the United States . His fellow Virginian , George Washington , had stated , `` I believe no event was ever received with more heartfelt joy '' . The dreary camp at Valley Forge was turned into an arena of rejoicing . Even the dignified Washington indulged in a game of wickets with some children . His soldiers on the whole did not celebrate so mildly . On May 6th , Morgan , who had returned , received from Washington orders to `` send out patrols under vigilant officers '' to keep near the enemy . `` The reason for this '' , the orders said , `` is that the enemy may think to take advantage of the celebration of this day . The troops must have more than the common quantity of liquor , and perhaps there will be some little drunkenness among them '' . Apparently no serious disorders resulted from the celebration , and within a few days , Morgan joined the force of Lafayette who now had command of some 2,000 men at Barren Hill , not far above Philadelphia on the Schuylkill . The Frenchman had been ordered to approach the enemy's lines , harass them and get intelligence of their movements . Interestingly enough , the order transmitted to Morgan through Alexander Hamilton also informed him that `` A party of Indians will join the party to be sent from your command at Whitemarsh , and act with them '' . These were Oneida Indians . Washington evidently was anxious for Morgan to be cautious as well as aggressive , for on May 17th , 18th and 20th he admonished the leader of the riflemen-rangers to be on the alert . Obviously the commander-in-chief had confidence that Morgan would furnish him good intelligence too , for on the 23rd of May , he told Morgan that the British were prepared to move , perhaps in the night , and asked Morgan to have two of his best horses ready to dispatch to General Smallwood with the intelligence obtained . Meantime , however , this same General Smallwood seemed to be serving chivalry as well as the American army . Colonel Benjamin Ford wrote to Morgan from Wilmington that he understood a Mrs. Sanderson from Maryland had obtained permission from Smallwood to visit Philadelphia , and would return on May 26th , escorted by several officers from Maryland `` belonging to the new levies in the British service '' . Ford urged Morgan to capture these men , who , he thought , might be disguised as Quakers or peasants . Morgan took the suggested steps , but when Mrs. Sanderson appeared , there was nobody with her but her husband , whom he promptly sent to headquarters to be questioned . But Morgan evidently reported matters of intelligence much more important to his commanding general . A letter of a few days later from Washington's aide to Morgan stated , `` His Excellency is highly pleased with your conduct upon this occasion '' .
graffed in: for God is able to graff them in again.
of their own descendant.
25:10 For in this mountain shall the hand of the LORD rest, and Moab
"The officers and Mrs. Strathspey, or, more properly, Mrs. Strathspey and

the first day of his coming, and the day after I had called
Just.  Will you take a glass of anything this morning, Mrs. Bustle?--I
21:14 Then they sent to Jezebel, saying, Naboth is stoned, and is
and the family from whom he had received such a blessing must
upon the earth, where no gin is for him?  shall one take up a snare
she fully acknowledged in him all the appearance of sense and worth
infidel, but makes a man who regards them both with equal eye.
plunging bowsprit, that for some time we did not notice the jeering
The cruelty of Mrs. Jennings no language, within
man is betrayed into the hands of sinners.
if you will be so kind as to take us into your little garden and
A while; but suddenly at head appeared 
Then a kick of devilish energy sent the whole loosened square
said Mrs. T.  "Chimney-sweepers get wedged in chimneys every day; it's
4:12 For the word of God is quick, and powerful, and sharper than any
XIV
statutes, I will put none of these diseases upon thee, which I have


Successful beyond hope, to lead ye forth 
     "This," answered Ezza gravely, "is not the costume of an Englishman,

do not understand how the room at the Crown can be safer for you
his thought was Ahab, that at every uniform turn that he made, now at
entire body of the whale, is not so much to be regarded as the skin
31:17 They also went down into hell with him unto them that be slain
5:7 For there are three that bear record in heaven, the Father, the
You vital, universal, deathless germs, beneath all creeds, arts,
right away that some one else had been fishing, and that was why he
to leave the room, Mrs. Pomfret exclaimed, "Why, if there is not Mr.
the sunset-coloured river.  One side of the passage was a blank wall,
made out every word.  And, indeed, though my mother's eyes are not
13:22 And he went through the cities and villages, teaching, and
3:14 So the spirit lifted me up, and took me away, and I went in
sensible woman.  Hers is a line for seeing human nature; and she has
44:10 Who hath formed a god, or molten a graven image that is
the appearance of his loins even downward, fire; and from his loins

16:18 For they that are such serve not our Lord Jesus Christ, but

"You are not asleep, I assure you," said Gregory. "You are, on the

"Aft here, ye sons of bachelors," he cried, as the sailors lingered
among the chief of the nations: publish ye, praise ye, and say, O
staring faces, and he saw all the faces he had ever seen for
5:22 At destruction and famine thou shalt laugh: neither shalt thou be
thence.

settled by the red-men.  Thus goes the legend.  In olden times an
She was sensible of all the affection it evinced.  She felt that,
me?  16:20 Verily, verily, I say unto you, That ye shall weep and
14:7 For every one of the house of Israel, or of the stranger that
Neziah, the children of Hatipha.

20:2 And he sent messengers to Ahab king of Israel into the city, and
where we followed him.  There he stood, very quietly overlooking some
Her objections to Mr. Knightley's marrying did not in the least subside.
Baasha king of Israel, that he may depart from me.

hosts; Even so will I break this people and this city, as one breaketh
onyx, or the sapphire.
iniquity and transgression and sin, and that will by no means clear

at this time have told us such things as these.
"which would not please her Renaissance eye.  That Elizabethan domestic
     Thy very songs not in thy songs,
I announce an end that shall lightly and joyfully meet its translation.
hear such things? And he desired to see him.

open unto their cry.
17:8 And he stood and cried unto the armies of Israel, and said unto
By the bivouac's fitful flame,



Know none before us, self-begot, self-raised 
18:16 And the men rose up from thence, and looked toward Sodom: and
Than Heaven permits, nor mine, though doubled now 
Yet a passing hour I yield you in your tracks to pause oblivious,
among us; and how shall we make a league with you?  9:8 And they said

see there the yet lingering images of those thousand-fold perils he
pomegranate tree which is in Migron: and the people that were with him
traded in thy market wheat of Minnith, and Pannag, and honey, and oil,
full of marrow, of wines on the lees well refined.

and praise thy power.
in forming his, was equally the persuasion and delight
Waiter.  It must be bolted on the inside.  Chambermaid!  Sally!  Are you

would not ask anything unreasonable."
comes your beau, Nancy,' my cousin said t'other day,
show you off to her ladyship; and your Doctor Carbuncle, and your
7:7 Surely oppression maketh a wise man mad; and a gift destroyeth the
spoil to their servants: and ye shall know that the LORD of hosts hath

6:12 And Moses spake before the LORD, saying, Behold, the children of
"Take some brandy," cried Turnbull, walking forward hurriedly
gentleman with the cloven chin smilingly regarding them; and his
Starting from fish-shape Paumanok where I was born,

3:21 And I will give this people favour in the sight of the Egyptians:
    and hatreds,
snare, and I will bring him to Babylon, and will plead with him there
Patriarchs sit at supper with sons and grandsons and great-grandsons
1:3 But Jonah rose up to flee unto Tarshish from the presence of the

gave one universal clap and a general shout of applause.
I really think that after that----"
expeditiously.
23:31 Behold, I am against the prophets, saith the LORD, that use
lady.  Neither o' them, I take it, by what they've ordered since their

some weight.  But indeed, while Elinor remained so well
who was returning with his daughter Barbara from his visit to the Abbey.
there was more water. They went to the Tortoise to bid her good-bye.
the clock struck two, they danced quite away, out of the window.
"It can't be helped," said Susan, with a sigh.
skill to grave with the cunning men that are with me in Judah and in
     I suppose I can be prosecuted for assault, but I am very glad


By steps we may ascend to God.  But say, 
of her sparkling vivacity.
What could be more full of meaning?--for the pulpit is ever this

instances have one after the other hurled entire boats with all their

The brow of the hill, where they remained, was a cheerful spot:
everlasting life.
am sure you must have been wet.--We scarcely got home in time.
 So sang a little clod of clay,
them unto me.

which he thought somehow would settle finally whether the curse
which she had set her fancy; but this was the only offence of which she


10:9 He lieth in wait secretly as a lion in his den: he lieth in wait
A wash of weary daylight was breaking over the country-side, and
was upon the whole well satisfied; for though her former
and Mr. and Mrs. Churchill, having no children of their own,
thine arrows they went, and at the shining of thy glittering spear.
exerting himself, said--
14:33 Wisdom resteth in the heart of him that hath understanding: but
     3


11:22 As a jewel of gold in a swine's snout, so is a fair woman which
Timotheus; and of Asia, Tychicus and Trophimus.
through Jesus Christ; to whom be glory for ever and ever. Amen.
'I never saw one, or heard of one,' said Alice.
before she began it, that it must bring a confession
Signifying nothing.
And not my Husbands Secrets?
}  Beginning My Studies
inquired why these gold coins, and those of the reign of Henry the
For their King
landscape except the lines of lighted windows, each one of which,
bring evil upon this place, and upon the inhabitants thereof, even all
were destroyed of serpents.
mountains on fire;
In Paradise to Adam or his race, 
11:37 And I will take thee, and thou shalt reign according to all that
of the occasion; but out of this collar there sprang a head quite
mine hand, and I have not sinned against thee; yet thou huntest my
How it climbs with daring feet and hands--how it dashes!
freedom. And Paul said, But I was free born.
As we were walking down the end of the wharf towards the ship,
1:46 And when Husham was dead, Hadad the son of Bedad, which smote
unfathomably German--the fairy tale.  He knew with half his mind
Thou, also thou, a World,

talketh of judgment.

cloudlets of white and pink that seemed to make the sky bluer and
obedience of Christ; 10:6 And having in a readiness to revenge all
Remarkably so late of thy so true, 
Verily I say unto you, Except ye be converted, and become as little

another: thus shalt thou make for all the boards of the tabernacle.
overtook him.  He ran after him and jumped over a bed of geraniums
done to us.
and superscription? And they said unto him, Caesar's.
garments, and stood before the angel.
the right side, and five on the left. And he made an hundred basons of
you are about it; but I wish anybody could give Mary a hint that
pray thee, let my sister Tamar come, and give me meat, and dress the
your golden calves, which Jeroboam made you for gods.
Porpoise is the smallest of the whales.  Above, you have all the
into Mrs. Palmer's dressing-room.  When there, at her own

by a variety of sweetmeats and olives, and a good fire.
7:6 How fair and how pleasant art thou, O love, for delights!  7:7
were a very good sort of people; friendly and hospitable,

this whalebone marquee was never pitched except in port; and on board
because it broadens; even so, thought only destroys because it
18:16 At that time did Hezekiah cut off the gold from the doors of the
"This, shipmates, this is that other lesson; and woe to that pilot of


The blind, the deaf and dumb, idiots, hunchbacks, lunatics,
and the idea of what tomorrow would have produced,
feast to all his servants.
109:12 Let there be none to extend mercy unto him: neither let there
with the edge of the sword, and all the souls that were therein; he
and though this was not particularly agreeable to Emma herself,
shape, corresponds to the garden implement after which it is named;
8:10 And of the sons of Shelomith; the son of Josiphiah, and with him
bring unto the LORD, whether it be of men or beasts, shall be thine:
and died without children.
opened all the doors."
13:13 But the men of Sodom were wicked and sinners before the LORD


Frank Churchill came back again; and if he kept his father's
while ago, the uppermost thing in Mary's thoughts, now it was not so.
shall punish leviathan the piercing serpent, even leviathan that
as any of them, because I wanted to fill my basket soon; and then I
Old M.  No, miss, no!--open--it was open; for I could not find the lid in
I will take it on.  I will give the MacNab family my best advice,
and she turned round with surprise to see and welcome
Father of mercy and grace, thou didst not doom 

came, he asked him, "Was it you who were wearing your sword?"
They shall yet make Columbia victorious.
up to the top of an hill that is before Hebron.
it on the burnt sacrifice, and on the wood.
Or else the World, too sawcie with the Gods,
   Gen. Good my Lord be quiet
behold, a man came out of the camp from Saul with his clothes rent,

what a huge sulk and pout is there! a sulk and pout, by carpenter's



a man being killed."
may have other legal rights.
one could not dismiss that impression of childishness which is
And he repeated her words with such assurance of accent, such boastful
    buzzard floating slowly high beyond the tree tops,
19:11 Saul also sent messengers unto David's house, to watch him, and

the name of Hebron before was Kirjatharba:) and they slew Sheshai, and
"What do you mean?" roared the Lion. "There's no other lion in this
wings, and ye would not!  23:38 Behold, your house is left unto you
20:18 And Jehoshaphat bowed his head with his face to the ground: and
35:16 So all the service of the LORD was prepared the same day, to
in their Montem Dresses in the Scene--In front, WHEELER (dressed as

Warden.  Holding the office directly from the crown, I believe, all

The voyage down the St. Lawrence, the superb scenery, the steamers,
LITTLE GOTTLIEB
suburbs.

But (with a smile) you would be materially benefited
quick amendment; and so ended a most satisfactory meeting.
possibly have in flying, and that is, that they do not know
and with calmer asperity, added, a few moments afterwards, "No, he
Mrs. Jennings came immediately to their room on her return,


undiscovered prime thing in me; if I shall ever deserve any real
51:24 And I will render unto Babylon and to all the inhabitants of
is in Parliament!--won't it? How I shall laugh!  It will
"Is England, indeed, so secure?" asked Evan.
Ellisons,--and her letter, with some others, was brought
unite with me in my particular Presbyterian form of worship.
the place which the LORD thy God shall choose to place his name there.

Accepting the Gospels, accepting him that was crucified, knowing
Land.  (in a pet, aside).  Old Poz! (aloud).  Then, your worship, I don't
in any thing of skin; it is a spreading plague: thou shalt burn that
Out of the depths the storm's abysmic waves, who knows whence?

into the house where he entereth in.
more than anything else, and often drew this compliment;--

in their hearts, 2:7 Why doth this man thus speak blasphemies? who can
prayers; his work was praying, and thinking about God. For forty years
atonement for the children of Israel for all their sins once a year.
They all three called in Rivers Street for a couple of minutes;
hand, set magistrates and judges, which may judge all the people that
Syme broke into a great laugh, that seemed too large for his slight
intervals of latitude and longitude, you still occasionally meet with
bring upon it, even upon Moab, the year of their visitation, saith the
and not to trust the thing which I believe to be outside myself
of ankles."
And sundry Blessings hang about his Throne,

78:71 From following the ewes great with young he brought him to feed
Churchill entered the room.  Emma had not been thinking of him,
They were come to Bath for a few days with Mrs Musgrove, and were
being jealous of you."
And I will set this foot of mine as farre,
of his wishes, in his prospect of soon quitting his present curacy,
Of the interminable sisters,
11:13 These all died in faith, not having received the promises, but
our faces being recognized by every ambitious policeman.  We must

resting for a moment on his hammer; "I am past scorching; not easily
3:22 Therefore because the king's commandment was urgent, and the
the LORD. And Solomon brought in the things which David his father had
ever.
help thinking, in short, that means might have been found.

23:16 Of the sons of Gershom, Shebuel was the chief.
and performed it, saith the LORD.
strongly inclined to dismiss the matter as an outbreak of temper.
it is mighty: that ye might fear the LORD your God for ever.
37:23 And it came to pass, when Joseph was come unto his brethren,
too!  When he told me that it might be many weeks before

dance off, then.  Go to the devil and shake yourself."*   Each who
was eyeing it with an odd pleasure.
Careys come over from Newton, the three Miss Dashwoods
thee to Shiloh: behold, there is Ahijah the prophet, which told me
28:22 The LORD shall smite thee with a consumption, and with a fever,

he answer it to himself to rob his child, and his only
     "What can you mean?" asked the other.


Of Erebus. She opened; but to shut 


The doors of the wardrobe were opened with due ceremony, and the filigree
that I will not take any thing that is thine, lest thou shouldest say,

to hear all round him the hateful whispers of that place,
At last the affair was decided.  The ivory,
he had been writing, when footsteps were heard returning;
"I KNOW," ironically.  "I know, Leonora, that you love Louisa better than
nations.

7:7 And the LORD said unto Gideon, By the three hundred men that

   Macb. The Rest is Labor, which is not vs'd for you:
2:11 And for this cause God shall send them strong delusion, that they

here?
rationalistic gaiety.  "How inconsistent!  It really comes to
majesty.

in all that I commanded you: 22:3 Ye have not left your brethren these

For Miss ----------, read Miss Smith.
Which is the first commandment of all?  12:29 And Jesus answered him,

foremost.  Ha, ha! the whale would give them squint for squint, mind
heritage of Jacob thy father: for the mouth of the LORD hath spoken
there stood for many ages the vast skeleton of a whale, which the


understood it.
Till, dieted by thee, I grow mature 
right!  Give way, men!  It ain't the White Whale to-day!  Give way!"
Jesus Christ.

to by the English, who wanted leaders, and had been of late much
40:30 Even the youths shall faint and be weary, and the young men
I cannot drinke too much of Brutus loue.

confidential communications are carried on, over the iron lips.  It
"And so, ma'am, all these thing considered," said Mrs Musgrove,
Much that I feare may chance:
he had passed through Macedonia and Achaia, to go to Jerusalem,
Must giue vs pawse. There's the respect

9:5 Not for thy righteousness, or for the uprightness of thine heart,
and thieves cannot be trusted, and that the shortest way to obtain a good
dense herd of white bears are scared from it into the sea.
then she pulled on her straw hat, which was fallen back with her looking
her husband committeth adultery.
Laadan, chief fathers, even of Laadan the Gershonite, were Jehieli.
Landlord.  Ill manners!  Why, if I may be so bold, if you are not Mrs.
9:27 If I say, I will forget my complaint, I will leave off my
seems but the work of a moment.  And last night he was
was cast down.
Towards the top of Albany Street the singular cabman again opened
     By the craggy hillside,
simply.  "That is surely wrong.  The ball should be on top of the

the upright is to depart from evil: he that keepeth his way preserveth
left his home abruptly and all alone, and came over to this darned Park
After a few moments' chat, John Dashwood, recollecting that


   Lady. Thou'rt mad to say it.
"I'm afraid he'll work through that gag in half an hour or so."
Seasons return; but not to me returns 

'The pledge of thy obedience and thy faith, 
ranges jellies, etc., in the Bar.)  And pray, do you take your great old
seeming to reproach him, Franklin wiped away his crocodile tears, and
the strife of the congregation, to sanctify me at the water before
would not mind my parting with it.  I'm sure that I should not care if

in the middle, and now the shafts of its light could shoot up
had been oftenest joined, and sat at the instrument gazing
his neighbour, and every woman of her neighbour, jewels of silver and


reformation.

With what indignation such a letter as this must
Immovable, infixed, and frozen round 
persons, ye commit sin, and are convinced of the law as transgressors.
the wrong, he said so; nor was he in haste to conceal his adventure from

that girl with black hair."
  Hor. I saw him once; he was a goodly King
"What is your object in all this?"
die, and he die, he is a murderer: the murderer shall surely be put to
vegetables which they could raise in the valley. They made the barren
the police of half a county on their trail.  From every side
no more say, The LORD liveth, which brought up the children of Israel
Of right, that I may mitigate their doom 
of dancing only in the room they were in resorted to again;
pronounce it clean, or to pronounce it unclean.
thought I to myself--the man's a human being just as I am: he has


You know not what you do; Do not consent
and understood me."
murderer; perhaps he was hung; and if he had been put on his trial by

under every thick oak, the place where they did offer sweet savour to

ruder forms of life--were created, had a dress of dim purple, over


19:17 And he said unto him, Well, thou good servant: because thou hast
the sons of Eleazar, and of the sons of Ithamar.

For I, that was a child, my tongue's use sleeping, now I have heard you,

he was an angel of the LORD.
thy seed be.
16:31 It shall be a sabbath of rest unto you, and ye shall afflict
persecute you, delivering you up to the synagogues, and into prisons,
Sojourning east a while longer, soon I travel toward you, to remain,

that delight, than the bottom of the woe is deep.  Is not the
again.

there is God.  If every man is an enlightened citizen, there is
recovering fast, was still in Lyme; and she was thinking of them all
relaxed in his wrath.  "Pull up!--close to!" and the boat ranged
of the blood-vessels, so that when pierced even by so small a point
The slow march play'd at the head of the association marching two and two,
to your mother before it was made?  Had he never owned
was long in coming to, and Queequeg did not look very brisk.
GREAT, THE MOTHER OF HARLOTS AND ABOMINATIONS OF THE EARTH.

2:9 For, behold, I will shake mine hand upon them, and they shall be a
ungodly shall perish.
 2000  1999 December
Canaan, the lot of your inheritance; 16:19 When ye were but few, even
3:23 The families of the Gershonites shall pitch behind the tabernacle

became monstrous and omnipresent, as do in our time the
plucked up, nor thrown down any more for ever.
thou thyself happenest to be on this wide planet, and the hand that
     "His eyes do look queer," cried the young woman, strongly moved.

it, Why hast thou made me thus?  9:21 Hath not the potter power over
   Cassi. That done, repayre to Pompeyes Theater.
He seems to me to be grown particularly gentle of late.  I do not

107:18 Their soul abhorreth all manner of meat; and they draw near
stamp them as the mire of the street, and did spread them abroad.
soon as the sun was down, Joshua commanded that they should take his
Galilaean.
As happy Prologues to the swelling Act




4:14 Then said I, Ah Lord GOD! behold, my soul hath not been polluted:
So to the Jews old Canaan stood,
holy LORD God? and to whom shall he go up from us?  6:21 And they sent
[1] Michael Hart and the Foundation (and any other party you may

in us all, how can one tell whither leads his shaft by the ever
and that was the great thing.
any thing hid, that shall not be known and come abroad.
That not your trespasse, but my madnesse speakes:
with him.
take the helm! let me pass,"--and so saying two of the oarsmen helped
As to annoy vs all: which to preuent,
Cape Horn into the South Seas, for the purpose of extending the
take away from off all the earth: for the LORD hath spoken it.
she recommended his taking some refreshment; he would find abundance
     "I can't tell you the sense of monstrosity and miracle I had
scraping, or rather harpooning of his cheeks.  Thinks I, Queequeg,
pattern.
"No, I never told any tales of anybody, and I should be very sorry to get



85:2 Thou hast forgiven the iniquity of thy people, thou hast covered

reproof: behold, I will pour out my spirit unto you, I will make known
28:61 Also every sickness, and every plague, which is not written in
21:1 And it came to pass, that after we were gotten from them, and had
Unrequited love or a slight cutting him worse than sharp steel cuts,
is just what happened the day that Buster Bear first thought of going

   Doct. Well, well, well
How now Fellow?
himself in miniature.
be unseen by the young woman, nor could her higher powers of mind
nor has anything declared him indifferent to me.--

purely, and to find you up so hearty--
them, and spake unto them of the kingdom of God, and healed them that
And worn with famine, long and ceaseless hiss, 
tormented eyes roll round the place, and this thus far successful
outweighed all the plague of Mrs Clay.
a minute or two, she made it out to be a grin, and she said to herself
Baalhermon unto the entering in of Hamath.
 
    factory or mill,
glad to be secure of undergoing the anxiety of a first meeting
of the ground, both man, and cattle, and the creeping things, and the
1:48 And also thus said the king, Blessed be the LORD God of Israel,
Abraham, and said unto him, Abraham: and he said, Behold, here I am.
have only that which the poor have equally with the rich; which
to draw water.

you was an old acquaintance.  Besides in the present case,
understanding of their prudent men shall be hid.

7:34 The Son of man is come eating and drinking; and ye say, Behold a
One greater, of whose day he shall foretel, 
a penny more; and so on to the full glass--the Cape Horn measure,
remains unchanged; but it is only an opinion.
when he said that in such an affair the principals must not meet.
13:31 Then the king arose, and tare his garments, and lay on the
or altering her attitude, lost in her own thoughts,


on a first return to the sea, who ever deserved to look on it at all,
relieved in great part from the downward strain at the bows, the
met at least every other evening either at the park
him. Stealing softly from the room he took paper and pen, for he had
mostly rather depressing evergreens, showed at intervals over
of Thyatira, which worshipped God, heard us: whose heart the Lord
after other gods to serve them, and to worship them, and provoke me
37:27 Therefore their inhabitants were of small power, they were
out, you would spring on me and eat me up."
43:24 Thou hast bought me no sweet cane with money, neither hast thou
naturalists--Olassen and Povelson--declaring the Sperm Whale not only
leading far aloft to where two of his comrades were standing their
Wonderful to be here!

as to all THAT.  But he is a pleasant, good humoured fellow,

children: 2:8 So being affectionately desirous of you, we were willing
"I have often thought them the worst of the two," replied he coolly.
    orgies of young men,
and hadn't been wrinkled all over like a vulture; but he had
no intelligence to him.  He was recalled from wit to wisdom,
all our faults could be destroyed by one punishment, were it ever so
Whereon old Norwey, ouercome with ioy,
door of the tabernacle of the congregation: and the glory of the LORD
inattention to the tidings, you would think that moody Ahab had not

And straite is cold agen
untie the man first?"
Who hath enjoined him his way? or who can say, Thou hast wrought
Be well aueng'd; or till another Caesar


there came in some tenants to pay their rent, and he pushed us out, and
Those heart-beats of a Nation in the night.
Mr. Knightley himself would be doing nothing to assist the cure;--

"In what I said?"
wreaths to cover the two pommels of the chapiters which were on the
silently, and bowing over his head towards the fire, seemed invoking


appeared unto thee in the way as thou camest, hath sent me, that thou
English whalemen; the Baliene Ordinaire of the French whalemen; the
"It is his."
might destroy him: for they feared him, because all the people was

the fatal hazards of the chase.  For not by hook or by net could
the Spirit of our God.
any thing of an illness destroys the bloom for ever!
     "But what could it mean?" demanded the diner opposite.
Thus far his bold discourse without controul 
And now, their mightiest quelled, the battle swerved, 

and entire, as he had received it.
the LORD, After this manner will I mar the pride of Judah, and the


20:12 The hearing ear, and the seeing eye, the LORD hath made even
my own knowledge, I can declare, she is such a fine-dressing lady,
scrubby wood on to the empty and desolate flats.  They had walked

button-holes. Some of their jokes could almost be heard across the
Indeed, he needed the strongest sleep he could get; for the earth
Of human offspring, sole propriety 
on him.
24:29 Immediately after the tribulation of those days shall the sun be
3:28 And all Israel heard of the judgment which the king had judged;
that there is a God in Israel.
old spinet in the world, to amuse herself with.--I was saying this
but I was the injured person, injured by her coldness, and I went
of temptation in the wilderness: 3:9 When your fathers tempted me,
21:20 And Ornan turned back, and saw the angel; and his four sons with
either of your cases as incurable."
to have been nothing to her but the object of distant civility.
Pharaoh's army, which is come forth to help you, shall return to Egypt
contracted hole, sunk, too, beneath the ship's water-line, Jonah
shoulders got to? And oh, my poor hands, how is it I can't see you?'
I should come to that--and from poor Jem, too--the money that he has
out of heaven by a hundred eyes.

"I have still the advantage of you by sixteen years' experience, and by
thus shall ye say to him, Thus saith the LORD God of Israel, As
wrote and cast up sums, and corrected and re-corrected them, till her
spoken.
books under his arm; at which spectacle Townsend, who enjoyed the FROLIC


to have said, that "now Miss Anne was come, she could not suppose herself
was equally sanguine; but the expectation of the others
"That you may do," said De Grey, stretching out his hand.
replied Mrs. Palmer;--"Not that I ever spoke
hand, and pierce it: so is Pharaoh king of Egypt to all that trust in
Edward is only to hold the living till the person to whom
'And how did you manage on the twelfth?' Alice went on eagerly.

throne, and he laid his robe from him, and covered him with sackcloth,

counsel with the young men that were brought up with him, that stood
If chance the radiant sun, with farewell sweet, 
elephants? Do--"
    successions of diseas'd corpses,




1:3 The ox knoweth his owner, and the ass his master's crib: but

The one who clean-shapes the handle and sets it firmly in the socket;
 I was armed, he came in vain;
to look at Marianne and talk to Elinor, who often derived
Shot through with orient beams; when all the plain 
Mary was at this time about twelve years old.  One evening she was
Alice to herself, 'in my going out altogether, like a candle. I wonder
"if only you can manage to keep still long enough. We will each take
his flanks, he would still swim away unharmed; or if indeed he should
20:8 And Hezekiah said unto Isaiah, What shall be the sign that the
this way it comes.  Hand it me--here's a hollow!  Men, ye seem the
the three mighty men brake through the host of the Philistines, and
day.  I am sure he need not have been afraid."
disciples, to the marriage.

(My feares forgetting manners) to vnseale
had prevented her going to them within that time.
The baked apples and biscuits, excellent in their way, you know;
that this pianoforte had arrived from Broadwood's the day before,
Italia's peerless compositions.
}  A Leaf for Hand in Hand
many.'  I'm only talking of number one, you know.  I must take care of

What may suffice, and soften stony hearts 




26:21 As concerning the sons of Laadan; the sons of the Gershonite
With flowers, garlands, and sweet-smelling herbs, 
All swims before her eyes, flashes with black, she catches the main

Book III                                                         
"This is very kind of Anne," was her husband's answer, "and I should be
Answere
other two motor-cars from Dr. Renard's garage.
or six times, allowing them to hear your name, your own dear name."
11:16 Then remembered I the word of the Lord, how that he said, John

she looked up, but it was all dark overhead; before her was another
But when they should endure the bloody Spurre,

19:19 All my inward friends abhorred me: and they whom I loved are

Hopkins, the agent. Peggy and Anne were convinced by what Mary said, and
an excellent young woman.  His extreme attention to my mother--

22:16 And the king said, Thou shalt surely die, Ahimelech, thou, and
do you mean what you say ? No. When you say 'the world is round,'
by Daniel the prophet, standing where it ought not, (let him that
interested, without disturbing him.  He had long made up his mind to Jane


Benammi: the same is the father of the children of Ammon unto this

mountain without hands, and that it brake in pieces the iron, the
Because in such a wilderness of running rigging, whose various

given him at least an evening's indulgence in the discussion of subjects,

great stomach for that.  But it will be an honour, to be sure.
of her acquaintance, and was there hoping for some delay
51:14 Deliver me from bloodguiltiness, O God, thou God of my

10:42 And he commanded us to preach unto the people, and to testify
Or think thee unbefitting holiest place, 


like himself--able to draw a chair close to them, take an interest
against Gibeah.
22:4 Then on the third day Abraham lifted up his eyes, and saw the
and his judges being sure he was guilty.  But it won't wash historically,

was to be found. It seemed as if some one must have stolen it, or as if
"For God's sake tell me, is she out of danger, or is she not?"
thou shalt go out one way against them, and flee seven ways before
strong, and knew how to work.
in the midst of thee; and ye shall know that I am the LORD that
himself over it.  Three seconds after he had alighted in his socks
himself.  Without any power of recollection, he flung himself upon the

idle interference in such a trifle as this.  Your sister is

Thy dread tribunal; forthwith from all winds, 

12:29 And David gathered all the people together, and went to Rabbah,

A third, is like the former. Filthy Hagges,
As nearer to him placed, or nearer tending 


done, cannot be vndone. To bed, to bed, to bed.

"Open your mouth then."
Who knew too well the sick, sick dread lest the one he lov'd might

Talbot, here, who is another sort of a gentleman (though he has not so
the north side, and went down to Bethshemesh, and passed on to Timnah:
}  "The Rounded Catalogue Divine Complete"
the figure one; now take all the hoops in the Pequod's hold, and
business," he suddenly added, now approaching Starbuck, who had just
"I confess that I do think there is a disparity, too great a disparity,

our God.
$THeir freedom: they themselves ordain'd their fall. 


what was your hope in doing this?--What did you look forward to?--
to one another by every circumstance of your respective homes.
which really pinned him to his seat with the point of
also keep my courts, and I will give thee places to walk among these
Jabesh, and fasted seven days.
MacIan, quite white, made a step forward, but the speaker did not
105:23 Israel also came into Egypt; and Jacob sojourned in the land of
which divideth the sea when the waves thereof roar; The LORD of hosts
I see the superior oceans and the inferior ones, the Atlantic and
Hand in hand, ship and breeze blew on; but the breeze came faster
Must I indeed learn to chant the cold dirges of the baffled?
and all the rest of him his health and his jolly looks, made him a


8:8 And he put the breastplate upon him: also he put in the
"Perfectly," replied Syme; "always be comic in a tragedy. What

are really very good indeed.  Jane often says, when she is here,
Glum funerals, the crape-veil'd mother and the daughters,
place where they laid him.
Pool and looked down on all the little people gathered there, he was
Vpon a wretch, whose Naturall gifts were poore
the whole community, as it were, turned over again in bed and
her in most unmirthful reflections some time longer, and she went
yourself and the children, and let me look as I chuse."
"Then," said Sir Arthur, "Mr. Price, you will observe that I now promise


have lived some years longer in the world than her real eight-and-thirty.
slewed round and headed over, end for end, and sometimes perilously
not move till they saw their own sweet and startling existence.
cast in more than they all: 21:4 For all these have of their abundance


shall know that I am the LORD, when I have broken the bands of their
Wide interrupt, can hold; so bent he seems 
"Is anything the matter with her?" cried Mrs. Dashwood

the six branches that come out of the candlestick.

24:30 The sons also of Mushi; Mahli, and Eder, and Jerimoth. These

could give.  Emma felt that she could not do too much for her,
6:3 And one cried unto another, and said, Holy, holy, holy, is the

less an object of pity!--Oh!--how slow was the progress
shalt not abhor an Egyptian; because thou wast a stranger in his land.

well but by patience.  Don't you remember, Carlo, how you and even
28:45 Moreover all these curses shall come upon thee, and shall pursue
my soul.


though you make so noble a profession of doing it, but I honestly
pulled his hat over his eyes, and settled himself for a nap. "It will go
the elephant will often draw up water or dust in his trunk, and then
24:45 Then opened he their understanding, that they might understand

and Ashan, 15:43 And Jiphtah, and Ashnah, and Nezib, 15:44 And Keilah,
pink blossoms of the hawthorn, when the merry group assembled upon their
Benjamin, an Hebrew of the Hebrews; as touching the law, a Pharisee;
and yet, she could not help rather anticipating something decisive.

Might suddenly inflict; that past, returned 
doctor will think the most of THAT--he'll never forgive us for that."
inheritance of the children of Benjamin, by the coasts thereof round
"In the little rocky Isle of Man, sir."
See, dearest mother, the letter says Pete will soon be better.
your uniforms would come to about three guineas a piece.  Now I will lay
Not hid; nor those things last, which might preserve 
18:14 Even so it is not the will of your Father which is in heaven,
19:27 Then answered Peter and said unto him, Behold, we have forsaken

man who had stung him in the ventricles of his heart.  He was in
They are the Faction. O Conspiracie,
A solemn and slow procession there as I sit on the ground,
with the Lord as a thousand years, and a thousand years as one day.
prophet, and Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, and the Cherethites, and the
15:34 Then Samuel went to Ramah; and Saul went up to his house to
See my cantabile! these and more are flashing to us from the procession,
long dragging line astern, and then, instantly, the reel began to
afraid. Perhaps he was, and then again perhaps he wasn't. Perhaps he had
let him go free.
This being told to Queequeg, he at once complied, and again politely

1:4 For there are certain men crept in unawares, who were before of
pot of ointment.
them.

Above the highest hills:  Then shall this mount 
warrant ye, to meet me here with his worship; but there you reckoned
20:45 And they turned and fled toward the wilderness unto the rock of
wept, we fled in terror; the iron entered into our souls--and you
least very certain; and she joined Mrs. Jennings most
morning, for Attorney Case was mysterious even to his own family about
and obliging.  He had gone three miles round one day in order to bring
least of the boys, and ran away, whilst Archer leaped up, and seizing
done for this people.
the taffrail, eyed the homewardbound craft, he took from his pocket a
the sharp end of the plough into the soil, and held it firmly so, while
That keepe the word of promise to our eare,
the consequence of much thoughtlessness and much imprudence;
again.
With now the sound of a single shot snapping like a whip, and now an
2:25 Likewise also was not Rahab the harlot justified by works, when
weeping may endure for a night, but joy cometh in the morning.


6:8 Moreover I make a decree what ye shall do to the elders of these
home and boil it for a turnip it might be useful. I can't say. But
sure as my name's Arthur, and with none else, with my good will.  I wish
those in a lower condition.


"Yes," replied Harriet modestly, but not fearfully--"I must say

shall ye do unto him, as he had thought to have done unto his brother:
Outside fair costume, within ashes and filth,
Shew you sweet Caesars wounds, poor poor dum mouths

whoredoms: for the land hath committed great whoredom, departing from
27:7 The fourth captain for the fourth month was Asahel the brother of
your Senses, that you may the better Iudge. If there bee
house of Jacob, and I will look for him.
as in the day of Egypt: for, lo, it cometh.

What is this earth to our affections? (unloving earth, without a
equally convinced of this, and their practice was uniformly consistent
he lowered his voice, Susan, who was not sure that he wished she should
are the horns which have scattered Judah, so that no man did lift up
don't know what other people think; but I only know what Lady Diana
and
White squalls? white whale, shirr! shirr!  Here have I heard all
unto the LORD God of their fathers.
counsellors, being gathered together, saw these men, upon whose bodies

But in degree; the cause of his desire 
ye? and from whence come ye?  9:9 And they said unto him, From a very



Sperm-Whale Fishery, this kind is perhaps almost as frequent as any.
dominion.
preserve it from the possibilities of rust.
36:21 But I had pity for mine holy name, which the house of Israel had
life, to cause me to die?  28:10 And Saul sware to her by the LORD,
in the market-place? He knew not what to think. Almost he hoped he

be unclean, and guilty.
3:23 And he called them unto him, and said unto them in parables, How
the pious Bildad reconciled these things in the reminiscence, I do

or not?"  This well prepared question was not lost upon Sir Arthur.  The
The unhappiness produced by the knowledge of that engagement had been
sight, and preserved us in all the way wherein we went, and among all
equally without error, and without consciousness.  Once she felt
2:8 The LORD hath purposed to destroy the wall of the daughter of
monomaniac old man seemed distrustful of his crew's fidelity; at
with a soldier that kept him.
Israel.
  Cob. Truly sir, all that I liue by, is with the Aule: I
This year! sending itself ahead countless years to come.
3:16 And his name through faith in his name hath made this man strong,
trouser pocket, "that smashing that shop window was, I confess, a
The old Alligator was so furious that he crawled up on the bank and went


boldest of the four.  If these are annals of military glory, it is

Ouer thy wounds, now do I Prophesie,
They were going to take the two eldest boys to Astley's. The party
which will bear up a considerable distributed weight, but not very
it with the snap-spring over the ship's stern.  Were ever such things

of thine handmaid: thou hast loosed my bonds.
hundred and thirty years old was he when he died.
quiet and fished and fished, patiently waiting for a foolish trout to

Surely in that day there shall be a great shaking in the land of
had dressed himself up as a preposterous parody of myself. I had
stones.  My ankle is entirely well, and I'm glad of that, or else I
15:7 If ye abide in me, and my words abide in you, ye shall ask what

No donkey was to be found.
and change the box for Tuesday.  It would be a pity to be divided,

were made from the housekeeper, and they heard, with some surprise, that
owner thereof.
Keepe it not from me, quickly let me haue it
13:16 And he said to the king of Israel, Put thine hand upon the bow.

possible advantage belonging to the place, was now its
Fast by a fountain, one small thicket past 

of last night might afford:  not Mr Elliot; it is not Mr Elliot that--"
4:15 And thou shalt speak unto him, and put words in his mouth: and I
wheat for the meat offering; I give it all.
Dick; though he seemed ready to sacrifice all mortal interests to
"Confound you, can't you answer?" called out Syme, in a sudden
Are you so Gospell'd, to pray for this good man,
surprising figure.  It turned out to be Captain Bildad, who along
that would not do to be copied.  Neither would Mr. Knightley's
of delegating power to _me_.  I am no young lady on her preferment.
as he added, in a more broken and subdued accent, "The feelings
6:1 And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 6:2 If a soul sin, and
those priests were made without an oath; but this with an oath by him
"I got it where I got the car," answered the Colonel, chuckling,
for which I boast of you to them of Macedonia, that Achaia was ready a
and nobody suspect it!--THAT is strange!--I never happened
His Word, the Filial Godhead, gave effect. 
     The Grey Cottage, which stood entrenched, as it were, in a square
shall be laid in the midst of the uncircumcised with them that are
15:19 Then said the king to Ittai the Gittite, Wherefore goest thou
without chastisement, whereof all are partakers, then are ye bastards,
nor thy maidservant, nor thine ox, nor thine ass, nor any of thy


2:25 But that which ye have already hold fast till I come.
than to be dancing in a crowd--and a crowd in a little room!"
measuring reed round about.
Behold this swarthy face, these gray eyes,
their calamity, in the time that their iniquity had an end: 35:6
Opened into the hill a spacious wound, 
chambers round about, of the treasuries of the house of God, and of


wishing he were dead--on that very spot there shall in the future
said to have lived out of the cabin than in it.  For when they did
thee I am well pleased.

a wolf--kings and sages, and poets and lawgivers, all the
3:18 And this is but a light thing in the sight of the LORD: he will
21:6 And when we had taken our leave one of another, we took ship; and

8:25 And he took the fat, and the rump, and all the fat that was upon

As you may easily suppose, plenty of superstitions and scandals
11:8 Three shepherds also I cut off in one month; and my soul lothed
conventional unconventionality to give anything so obvious as flowers.


The insulter, the prostitute, the angry person, the beggar, see
manner: 29:38 And one goat for a sin offering; beside the continual
in the house of Rimmon, the LORD pardon thy servant in this thing.
"But it is never safe to sit out of doors, my dear."
gave it the foreign look. But on this particular morning the effect
repeated, aloud.


all on an equal footing of truth and honour, with two people in the
customers have all been cheated of one-quarter of every measure of the
sort of hiss, 'What I say is this--and mind it well--if you flog me,
principalities, nor powers, nor things present, nor things to come,
Jerusalem: for the LORD hath comforted his people, he hath redeemed

the only one who could have gained a smile from her;
curly-haired, sun-burnt and strenuous; but nobody looked at him either.

advice has often found; for it shall be attended to."
cried unto the man of God that came from Judah, saying, Thus saith the
forgiveness, but is in danger of eternal damnation.
book of Jasher? So the sun stood still in the midst of heaven, and
his aunt's spirits and pleasure; in short, upon her temper.
had your suspicions.--I have not forgotten that you once tried to give
that the room would be wanted for some time."
"Thank you, dear Miss Woodhouse, you are all kindness.--It is impossible
Nor solid might resist that edge: it met 
smoke, perfumed with myrrh and frankincense, with all powders of the
forsaken the commandments of the LORD, and thou hast followed Baalim.
as fear God, men of truth, hating covetousness; and place such over
In neither ought, or in extremity:

7:24 But they hearkened not, nor inclined their ear, but walked in the
sheep in abundance, and hath called all the sons of the king, and
generations at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation before
"Oh, yes! is this the evening?" inquired Leonora.
Exeunt.
youth and innocence he had seduced, in a situation of
that, or whether they both shall be alike good.
were as the feet of a bear, and his mouth as the mouth of a lion: and
The circumstances of his marriage, too, were found to admit of
small fishes: but what are they among so many?  6:10 And Jesus said,
the prize!" said the little Louisa, and the tears started into her eyes.
LORD of Midian.
Manhood to Godhead, with more strength to foil 
As to men and women, our opinions are sometimes very different;
seldom in the open air.  I say, that the motion of a Sperm Whale's
Among many other fine qualities, my royal friend Tranquo, being
I use the wings of the land-bird and use the wings of the sea-bird,
Or haply cut me short for good? Or leave me here as now,
with the present and future proprietor could fairly warrant,
88:6 Thou hast laid me in the lowest pit, in darkness, in the deeps.


up stairs again empty-handed, when Mrs. Hussey interposed the
Mr. Chip.  "Oh, Mr. Chip, I am ordered to discharge you."
"Your Cousin Bell will be very much obliged to you for a present that is

now; but I must confess that if you kill me here I shall die with


tomahawk from me, he flourished the hatchet-side of it over the
    of gold-color'd light,
That the proportion both of thanks, and payment,

16:3 And call Jesse to the sacrifice, and I will shew thee what thou
upon thee all thine abominations.
whether he was, as he said, merely in jest, we leave it to those who know
with a buoy, when by certain strange signs and inuendoes Queequeg



"And you, Tarlton?"
Active within, beyond the sense of brute. 
16:3 Thus shall Aaron come into the holy place: with a young bullock

others also.
Drinke off this Potion: Is thy Vnion heere?
come down, as thy servant hath heard? O LORD God of Israel, I beseech


And the priest shall look upon him the seventh day: and if it be
but if he wished to do it, it might be done.  A man who felt rightly
ALL.  This wilful world hath not got hold of unchristian Solomon's
house, Susan sat down, and hid her face in her hands.  She was soon


56:1 Thus saith the LORD, Keep ye judgment, and do justice: for my

answer the people that spake unto thee, saying, Thy father made our
Had to impose. He through the armed files 
  Cask. I marry was't, and hee put it by thrice, euerie
to have a nearer view of their characters and her own
(called box-line) being coiled upon the box in the bows, it continues
captain, why did ye not give us Jonah looking out of that eye!

whaler, this were as vain a thing as to attempt weighing a Dutch barn
THE TALKATIVE TORTOISE

king, and speak on this manner unto him. So Joab put the words in her
"Dear me!--it is so odd to hear a woman talk so!"--
harm nobody, and only make himself a little helpless and tiresome;

also finish in you the same grace also.
longer, appeared to Elinor altogether much more eligible
Enter Banquo, and Fleance, with a Torch before him.
22:14 And when the hour was come, he sat down, and the twelve apostles

prophecy, which any one might have done, and so have chanced to hit
A violent cross wind from either coast 
lay her aching head on the pillow, and as she hoped,

suddenly understood what the wise father had meant when he said, "There
daughter, neither shalt thou take her son's daughter, or her
"Well, well," he said, "let us get back to the point.  Now Tolstoy
and brought them into the chamber to Amnon her brother.
nonsense in it--but the part which is capable of being communicated,
Gather the welcome signs, (as children with pebbles or stringing shells,)
it; not but what I would if you would only ask me civilly, and if you
Thriftlesse Ambition, that will rauen vp
31:24 And it came to pass, when Moses had made an end of writing the
Farmer Kent lent his dog Barker, cautioning his neighbour, at the same
by every thing pretty, expensive, or new; who was wild
The long, long anchorage we leave,
Time, she knew, must be allowed for this being thoroughly done; and she
Gabriel, from the front thus called aloud. 
10:41 And when the ten heard it, they began to be much displeased with

brother, hung over Louisa with sobs of grief, and could only turn his eyes
"Indeed, I don't know what you mean."
   Macb. We will speake further,
 To keep them all from harm:
52:4 And it came to pass in the ninth year of his reign, in the tenth
even a pillar of stone: and he poured a drink offering thereon, and he
2:6  As ye have therefore received Christ Jesus the Lord, so walk ye in
They do not seek beauty, they are sought,
oh! goodness gracious! steer clear of the fiery pit!"
Scarsely haue coueted what was mine owne.
shall be an overflowing flood, and shall overflow the land, and all
'Oh! So Bill's got to come down the chimney, has he?' said Alice to



Marianne looked at her steadily, and said, "You know,
26:16 To Shuppim and Hosah the lot came forth westward, with the gate
Thence up he flew, and on the tree of life, 
want my opinion you must make the matter clear. What sort of cage was

"Miss Dashwood," cried Willoughby, "you are now using
   Rosin. We thinke not so my Lord
found her she could hardly have been dead for three.

you, saith the Lord GOD.
Tom just as he was climbing the bank into the old man's garden.  Hardy,
the selfsame day, as God had said unto him.
"Certainly," answered Elinor, without knowing what

5:16 Let your light so shine before men, that they may see your good
about this time shall a measure of fine flour be sold for a shekel,
of improving it could offer.  He came to them every day.

3:30 Because they said, He hath an unclean spirit.

And hyacinth;  Earth's freshest softest lap. 
upright among men: they all lie in wait for blood; they hunt every man
irritates her mind more than the most perfect conviction
4:12 And Tychicus have I sent to Ephesus.

door was opened; "I'm so glad you are come, Leonora, for I did so long to
17:14 And the LORD said unto Moses, Write this for a memorial in a
1:40 And all the people came up after him, and the people piped with
A leper once he lost, and gained a king-- 
what he hath prepared for him that waiteth for him.
THINK THE BEST; and all that he said upon the subject was, that he would
certain rich man brought forth plentifully: 12:17 And he thought
fell from heaven.  The wide tiers of welded tendons overspreading his
take off his head.
a country dandy like this takes it into his head to make a
go.--Avast heaving again!  Whale-balls for breakfast--don't forget."
     Father Brown, who was making the salad, tipped two spoonfuls
Zebudah, the daughter of Pedaiah of Rumah.
with her there for several minutes.  The effect of his
22:9 Then the king of Israel called an officer, and said, Hasten
ye put your hand unto, ye and your households, wherein the LORD thy


sceptre for another song.
chain round his neck. The Burgomaster opened the envelope, and as he
"And how many other things might it not be?" he said.  "Don't you know
32:25 And thou hast said unto me, O Lord GOD, Buy thee the field for
   Ham. Do you not come your tardy Sonne to chide,
she sold the yarn which she had spun with it, she had money enough to buy
It was among these that Hinkle identified a photograph of Barco ! ! For it seems that Barco , fancying himself a ladies' man ( and why not , after seven marriages ? ? ) , had listed himself for Mormon Beard roles at the instigation of his fourth murder victim who had said : `` With your beard , dear , you ought to be in movies '' ! ! Mills secured Barco's photograph from the gentleman in charge , rushed to the Hollywood police station to report the theft , and less than five minutes later , detectives with his picture in hand were on the trail of Cal Barco . On their way , they stopped at every gas station along the main boulevards to question the attendants . Finally , at Ye Olde Gasse Filling Station on Avocado Avenue , they learned that their man , having paused to get oil for his car , had asked about the route to San Diego . They headed in that direction and , at San Juan Capistrano By-the-Sea came upon Barco sitting in the quaint old Spanish Mission Drive-in , eating a hot tamale . At the moment , Barco's back was to the road so he didn't see the detectives close in on his convertible which , in their quest for the stolen lap rug , they proceeded to search . The robe , however , was missing , for by that time Barco had disposed of it at a pawnshop in Glendale . The detectives placed Barco under arrest and , without informing him of the nature of the charge , took him back to Hollywood for questioning . Thus it was that Barco , apprehended for mere larceny , now began to suspect that one or another of his murders had been uncovered . During the return trip , Barco kept muttering to himself in meaningless phrases , such as : `` They're under sand dunes They're better off , I tell you I saved their souls '' . The detective , commenting on Barco's behavior , felt that he merely belonged among the myriad citizens of our community who are mentally unhinged -- that he was a more or less harmless `` nut '' ! ! However while in his cell awaiting trial for theft , Barco , in a fit of apprehension , made an attempt to take his own life . The attempt had failed because , when endeavoring to cut his wrists , this murderer of seven women had fainted at the sight of blood . The jail authorities -- attaching no particular significance to the episode -- offered Barco whisky to revive him ; ; but the old fellow , a lifelong teetotaler , refused it , and no more was thought of the matter . Then it was that District Attorney Welch entered the case . A man of vaulting ambition , with one eye on the mayorship of Los Angeles , nothing ever escaped him which might possibly lead to personal publicity . It was reported to Welch's office that a thief in the city jail had attempted suicide . Welch wanted to know why . No one knew . Now Welch had a pet theory that everyone is guilty of breaking more laws than he ever gets caught at . The suicide attempt looked to him like an opportunity to put his theory to the test . So he paid a call on Barco in his cell and began their chat by stating bluntly : `` Barco , we've got the goods on you ! ! It'll be a lot better if you come clean '' . At first Barco was evasive and shifty . But with Welch's relentless pursuit of the subject , Barco finally `` broke '' and started confessing to one murder after another . By the time Barco reached the count of three , the situation seemed to Welch almost too good to be true . But if true , it was the case of which he had dreamed , the case which would throw him into headlines all over America as the hero of a great murder trial . Welch summoned jail officials to Barco's cell . But to Welch's chagrin , the police captain pooh-poohed Welch's credulity in Barco's confession . Barco was clearly a `` nut '' . It required strength , bravado , daring to commit murder . `` That worm a murderer ? ? Ridiculous '' ! ! Then , for the first time since his arrest , a glint of spirit lit Barco's eyes . His manhood had been attacked . He stiffened and rose to his feet . He'd show them ! ! `` Is that so '' ? ? He queried . `` Well , for ten years I've been murdering women . I can lead you to every one of the bodies , and there ain't four , nor five , nor six of 'em -- there's seven ! ! '' The next day the police captain , in derision , organized what he termed `` Welch's Wild Goose Chase '' . For indeed it seemed incredible that anyone could go on committing murder for ten years and not get caught at it , even in Hollywood . The searching party consisted of the police captain , Welch , Barco , policemen with shovels , newspaper reporters , and cameramen . Barco , his state of apprehension gone , never to return , had assumed a matter-of-factness which remained his principal attitude from that time on . He directed the cortege of autos to the sand dunes near Santa Monica . Stopping the cars at a fork in the road , he got out , paced off a certain distance to a spot between two shrub-covered sand hills , and indicated a location . Orders were given to dig . Nothing was found . Welch was worried . The police captain chortled . The newspaper boys cracked jokes and again Barco's pride was aroused . With greater precision he again paced off a location , this time a little more to the left . With quibs and gibes , the policemen again started digging . Welch was on edge . The captain was remarking that it was a nice day for a picnic when finally one of the shovels struck an object . `` There's something here '' ! ! Said the digger . Joking stopped and everyone gathered around . The digger , thrusting about with his shovel , now raised into view a package crudely wrapped in one of the murderer's Hollywood sport shirts . Although it was a mere fragment of the victim's remains , it was enough . Welch was wild with delight . His elation grew as Barco's seven disclosures brought to light one reward after another . Now did Welch truly become the man of the hour , and everything that followed in the procedure of Justice was a new triumph for him . It went to his head , and his ambition increased . It was apparent that Welch was in cahoots with Marshall and would use his power as D.A. to drag every possible sensation into the case . Every new scandal which would provide more `` copy '' for Marshall's pen would thus mean more publicity for Welch . I knew that both these cynics were waiting with impatience for the dramatic moment when Viola was called to the stand . Once there , the D.A. with devilish cleverness would provide Marshall with headlines : `` Viola's Multiple Romances '' `` Viola Lake an Addict '' `` Downfall of Another Film Idol '' ! ! It would be fine publicity for the man who was willing to walk to the mayor's throne over the broken reputation of a helpless girl ! ! I studied Welch closely as the trial progressed for any hint which might give me a lead as to how he might be thwarted . It wasn't long before I sensed that there was something deeper than overvaulting ambition back of his desire for Viola's destruction . He was bitter and resentful toward her , personally resentful . A dreadful fear entered my consciousness that perhaps he had entertained aspirations toward Viola's favors -- or , even more serious perhaps , that he had attained a share of them and had then been superseded by some luckier chap . I did not rest until I had tracked the mystery down . Well , here it is . One day over a year before , there had been a cocktail party in an apartment of a downtown hotel . Viola had been urged to attend , by telephone , and not knowing the host or the character of the party , she had gone . She arrived late and as she entered the party , noted that gentlemen seemed to be in the majority ; ; the air was thick with smoke , empty bottles were in evidence , and several of the guests were somewhat the worse for liquor . Naturally , Viola had no wish to remain , but she felt she couldn't leave so soon after her arrival , in all politeness to her host . And it so happened that adjacent to a couch on which she had taken refuge was a small table on which she noted a vase of red rosebuds ; ; while projecting from beneath the couch were a pair of feet which , as Fate would have it , belonged to District Attorney Welch . As Viola sat there , a playful impulse overcame her to remove the shoes and socks from the unidentified feet and , as a prank , insert rosebuds between the toes . A little later the district attorney woke up , emerged from under the couch , looked at his watch , and realized he had an engagement that very hour to address a meeting of the Culture Forum on `` The Civic Spirit of the Southland '' , in the Byzantine room of the hotel where his wife , as president of the forum , was to preside . He made his way to his host's bedroom where he carefully brushed himself off , neatly arranged his hair , and painstakingly selected his hat from the many on the bed . Then , noting neither the absence of his footwear nor the presence of the rosebuds , he made his way to the Byzantine room and , with his usual dignity , mounted the rostrum . The effect on the intellectuals among his audience may well be imagined . The incident , aside from reflecting on Welch's political career , had all but wrecked his home life . He never rested until he discovered who the culprit was , and when he did , he vowed vengeance on Viola Lake if ever the chance came his way . And here it was ! ! By such innocent actions are human tragedies sometimes set in motion . During these first days of the trial I didn't have as much time to commiserate with Viola as I should have liked . In the first place , it was difficult for us to meet . We couldn't be seen together , for the tongue of Scandal was ever ready to link our names , and the tongue of Scandal finds but one thing to say of the association of a man with a girl , no matter how innocent . I couldn't invite Viola to our house , for Mother snobbishly refused to receive her . Now the Czarship had not affected my own sense of social values , but Mother had attained a reflected glory through it , which had opened the doors of Los Angeles-Pasadena Society to her . There , Mother was received by the scions of aristocratic lines which are dominated by the Budweisers ( of beer derivation ) , the Chalmers ( of underwear origin ) , and the Heinzes ( whose forbears founded a nationally famous trade in pickles ) . I hated being dragged into the salons of these aristocrats . But Mother insisted , for it is seldom indeed that anyone remotely connected with the cinema is ever received in their exclusive midsts . In fact , it was not until the King of Spain had visited at Pickfair that Mary and Doug were beckoned to cross the sacred barriers which separate Los Angeles and Pasadena from the hoi-polloi . Mother even went so far as to trump up for me matrimonial opportunities with Pasadena debs who had been educated abroad , and with those of the more lenient Los Angeles area where a debutante was a girl who had been to high school . But at long last came a time when I broke away from Mother and her society `` chi-chi '' in order to spend a cosy evening with Viola and her chaperon at her home . However , such a hotbed of gossip had grown up during the trial , that every precaution had to be taken to keep my visit from being whispered to the world , Society , and even , alas , to my own mother . When I arrived at Viola's I was shown , to my surprise , into the kitchen . Viola greeted me , in checked apron , ladle in hand , and explained it was the cook's night out and that she herself was preparing dinner . I sat and watched proceedings . There was to be roast chicken with dressing , giblet gravy , asparagus , new peas with a sprig of mint , creamed onions , and mashed potatoes -- all chosen , prepared , and cooked by Viola herself .
ways of the sons of men: to give every one according to his ways, and
held his basket closer to Piedro, who, as he saw, cast a hungry eye upon
and leave orders where they are to join."
These four were the sons of Shimei.
I have often talked to her a good deal.  You must have seen that
descend upon them through the trap-door.  The room had been built high to
the passover, unleavened cakes, and parched corn in the selfsame day.
unseen.  Can it be, then, that by that act of physical isolation, he
21:34 And the LORD said unto Moses, Fear him not: for I have delivered
You doe vnbend your Noble strength, to thinke
So without least impulse or shadow of fate, 


"No, no,"--he gravely replied.--"Don't ask me.  I promised my wife
4:14 For if we believe that Jesus died and rose again, even so them
2:13 Then said Haggai, If one that is unclean by a dead body touch any
evil.

companions to be with him.
and Mrs. Campbell think she does quite right, just what they



LORD.
bracelet of hair from girls whom she did not always think so much


let in to the cells by pipes what was alleged to be the freshest

To meet him all his Saints, who silent stood 
give the inheritance of my fathers unto thee.
Samaria.
"I hope not," said Jem; "for I know for my part, I am merry every day in
    and the winter-grain falls in the ground;
But we are all in the hands of the Gods; and Pip jumped again.  It
In further euill
into each other in the one concrete hull, which shot on its way, both
To Pales, or Pomona, thus adorned, 
Foretold so lately what would come to pass, 
Again gurgles the mouth of my dying general, he furiously waves

verses and charades like this."
having any right to complain.  His letters disgust me."
"Yes."
indifference speaking a nature in which there lurked no civilized
recovered sword under his arm-pit, was already lifting the fallen
And over them triumphant Death his dart 
be for a token of a covenant between me and the earth.
on engaging a curate; should make his curacy quite as good

Burs. (still whistling).  Well, I'll do my best to make that father of
   Mar. Thou art a Scholler; speake to it Horatio

true.  Nor is the history of fanatics half so striking in respect to
(Ever the heroes on water or on land, by ones or twos appearing,
word of the LORD, which he spake by his servant Elijah the Tishbite,
them: only they were baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus.)  8:17
It is so broad it covers the whole sky.



hatter's shop, you will see that there is, in common speech,

withstand him; and a threefold cord is not quickly broken.
She was forced to acknowledge that she could do no good,
hear me.




in her borrowed plebeian shawl; but I am certain it was Etta Todd,
old, and begat Arphaxad two years after the flood: 11:11 And Shem
Or dreams he sees, while overhead the Moon 
and coolness of judgment, which qualified her,
Again I see him rise to breathe, we row close again,
prayer.
anything badly herself. In a little while the housework was going


preferred the society of William Larkins.  No!--she was more and more
them that love him be as the sun when he goeth forth in his might. And
away."
well, the old man of whom ye spake? Is he yet alive?  43:28 And they
11:28 And he that beareth the carcase of them shall wash his clothes,
That he is growne so great? Age, thou art sham'd.
"Butter, Mammy," said Epaminondas; "Auntie gave it to me."

were too nice to eat.  All this Franklin bore with fortitude; nor did he
cast over all people, and the vail that is spread over all nations.
Hated by one he loues, brau'd by his Brother,
nose so fast?  I must stop these tears, too," said Carlo.

10:27 What I tell you in darkness, that speak ye in light: and what ye
if I was going to Hartfield, he thought I had much better go round
by persisting that he would go to the play to-morrow if nobody else would.

tribute was thirty and two persons.

lion among the flocks of sheep: who, if he go through, both treadeth

20:43 Thus they inclosed the Benjamites round about, and chased them,
was still around his neck, and there he was running away with a pail
make princes in all the earth.
from the hail, and shall eat every tree which groweth for you out of

their mutual good to outweigh every drawback.  Such a companion
Immodestly sliding the fellow-senses away,
a seed, we had been as Sodoma, and been made like unto Gomorrha.
world began: 1:71 That we should be saved from our enemies, and from
it again."
straight up to his forehead,--a not uncommon thing; for when within a
   Gho. My hower is almost come,

ye your hearts; after that ye shall pass on: for therefore are ye come
And there an end: But now they rise againe
of the group, Gregory's sister Rosamond, who had her brother's
zare oppressors. I care not for these games of gonzealment. I would
BOOK I. (FOLIO), CHAPTER V. (RAZOR-BACK).--Of this whale little is
AHAB (ADVANCING)

the very eye that is even now beholding him; aye, and into the eye
Emma felt they were friends again; and the conviction giving
the priests: and he shall take thereout his handful of the flour
2:13 And the other Jews dissembled likewise with him; insomuch that
4:30 And the mother of the child said, As the LORD liveth, and as thy
Absalom for his beauty: from the sole of his foot even to the crown of
to her very good health."
servants of Shimei ran away unto Achish son of Maachah king of Gath.
message in one of Mrs. Weston's letters.  I hope time has not made

company formed a circle round the group; he stood for an instant
have been seen."
"A fatal error!" said the alarmed attorney.
As reapers oft are wont their harvest-queen. 
thine ears be attent unto the prayer that is made in this place.
only felt they were agreeable.

strength faileth because of mine iniquity, and my bones are consumed.


The whole battalion views--their order due, 
Side of my banner broad and blue, side of my starry banner,
He is a bright, brownish little fellow, agile like a monkey,
12:14 Howbeit, because by this deed thou hast given great occasion to
20:23 Now Joab was over all the host of Israel: and Benaiah the son of
were no actual preference--remained a little longer doubtful.

    toward the people, taken off my hat to nothing known or unknown,
     "No," replied Dr Mull quite simply; "and yet that is just what


uncircumcision, Barbarian, Scythian, bond nor free: but Christ is all, and in

him; and he became a captain over them: and there were with him about
THE consulting-rooms of Dr Orion Hood, the eminent criminologist
and thou hast promised this goodness unto thy servant: 7:29 Therefore
She pondered, but could think of nothing.  After a mutual silence


a position.  But I am so rattled with more dreadful things that I can
Low Alarums.
Together with all Formes, Moods, shewes of Griefe,
10:16 Behold, I send you forth as sheep in the midst of wolves: be ye

None of the meanest; some great Potentate 
utter, hopeless harm in Ahab?  No, no, my lad; stricken, blasted, if
would come on board with a jar of pickles for the steward's pantry;

even to try; she was tired before the morning was over, every day. The
But before going further, it is important to mention here, that
High times indeed, if whaling captains were wheeled about the water
6:3 And this will we do, if God permit.
his wrath.  "Fight, if you're so fond of fighting!  Fight, if
6:28 And the sons of Samuel; the firstborn Vashni, and Abiah.
the people melt: but I wholly followed the LORD my God.

have been the fashion for milliners to go about in men's clothes?

had gotten, the cattle of his getting, which he had gotten in


It is most retrograde to our desire:
-it is a word that people say--it is the fashion to say it--it means--it
to the solitary range of the house was the consequence.
where Buster was waiting, all he had to do was to scoop them out on to
1:11 Again also he sent unto him another captain of fifty with his
"I tell ye what it is, men"--cried Stubb to his crew--"it's against
to any thing deserved by his own.  Lady Elliot had been an excellent woman,
righteousness.
almost began to credit the old Paracelsan superstition that sperm is
To weare a Kerchiefe? Would you were not sicke
17:46 This day will the LORD deliver thee into mine hand; and I will
say;
'Ahem!' said the Mouse with an important air, 'are you all ready? This


to overhear what Mrs. Elton and Jane Fairfax were talking of.--
by Emma.  Circumstances that might swell to half an hour's relation,
the confinement which the settled rain of the two preceding

selfish and thoughtless of other people and very hard to get along with.

Through cutting swirl and spray watchful and firm advancing,
37:25 I have digged, and drunk water; and with the sole of my feet

Egypt, we wot not what is become of him.
large but indecipherable face. 'You want a safe disguise, do you?
the harpoon sockets with the fiery waters from the pewter.

if it were a hatchet-faced baby.  A pretty pickle, truly, thought I;
She had lately lost sight even of her father and sister and Bath.
Ile take it from thee, and (good Boy) good night.
     dear Mrs. Jennings, I spent two happy hours with


receive of me gifts and rewards and great honour: therefore shew me
In this hope he was mistaken; for the first thing Mrs. Pomfret did in the
my almanac below calls ditto.  I'll get the almanac and as I have
15:20 And he judged Israel in the days of the Philistines twenty
make it go through the fire, and it shall be clean: nevertheless it
President, "in fact, it grows on you; and who am I to quarrel
stirred up the mud on the bottom so that the water was so muddy that the

fixed bayonet of his pointed finger darted full at the object.
hold up my face to Joab thy brother?  2:23 Howbeit he refused to turn
the Lord, for an example of suffering affliction, and of patience.

18:16 But Peter stood at the door without. Then went out that other
upon Dibon, and upon Nebo, and upon Bethdiblathaim, 48:23 And upon
convalescing, generally speaking, a sick savage is almost half-well
if it be sodden in a brasen pot, it shall be both scoured, and rinsed

"In all these cases, there are established usages which
Joseph shall have two portions.
36:4 Then Jeremiah called Baruch the son of Neriah: and Baruch wrote
25:14 Thou shalt not have in thine house divers measures, a great and
"Me!" cried Harriet, colouring, and astonished.  "Why should you
ought to hear of it; do mention all about him."
They beat the old world about like a bladder and thump it into a
only of himself; whom for his own interest or ease, would be guilty
Moab, and Jashubilehem. And these are ancient things.
But for all this Liberty has not gone out of the place, nor the
beware.
"You will see them yet, perhaps, before the morning is gone.
pleasant to the sight, and good for food; the tree of life also in the
be put to death: only be strong and of a good courage.

    new artists, musicians, and singers,
17:7 For so it was, that the children of Israel had sinned against the
37:2 These are the generations of Jacob. Joseph, being seventeen years

that I mean to call upon her soon.  Make a civil message;
   Hor. Tush, tush, 'twill not appeare

     letter, for which I beg to return my sincere
coming all day, Franklin at last ventured to request an explanation, or
 for her Maker meek;
}  Hush'd Be the Camps To-Day [May 4, 1865]
"it was an acquaintance worth having;" and when Anne ventured to speak

rapidly shot away from the Pequod.



To businesse with the King, more then the scope
42:13 He had also seven sons and three daughters.
to come to dinner every day; and in short, it seemed to have been
sheets.
20:23 Divers weights are an abomination unto the LORD; and a false
nor anybody's feelings, could interest her, till she had a little better



thou shalt send them, and they pray unto thee toward this city which

Turning sharply, he saw rising gradually higher and higher up
Bequeathing hence types of athletic love,
us.
Are your body, days, manners, superb? after death you shall be superb,
He was speaking exactly as a French bourgeois speaks to the
"For a stout archer," said Mr. Gresham, "you are more easily tired than
"I don't know anything about Deacon Deuteronomy or his meeting," said
LORD came in the days of Josiah the son of Amon king of Judah, in the
keepers at home, good, obedient to their own husbands, that the word
6:4 But let every man prove his own work, and then shall he have
Do thou but thine; and be not diffident 
10:16 And the children of the captivity did so. And Ezra the priest,
over as an unfavourable likeness, to every morning visitor in
not a cloud, but the back of a cloud. Cannot you see that
19:15 And the evil spirit answered and said, Jesus I know, and Paul I
she came to the Wells on account of her health.
rose slowly, and Susan stood at the lattice window, looking through the
general way, in knowing what was felt, what was meditated, what was done.
and, behold, there were very many in the open valley; and, lo, they
The round masts, the swinging motion of the hulls, the slender
seemed false to them.  Thou saw'st the murdered mate when tossed by
and close-reef the top-sails, fore and aft; back the main-yard; up

became a snare unto Gideon, and to his house.
Let them identify you to the future in these songs.
land.
the new scene that was now opened to his view; and as, day after day, he

took with Jemmy M'Doole the night I had the misfortune to meet your

18:26 With the pure thou wilt shew thyself pure; and with the froward
6:1 What shall we say then? Shall we continue in sin, that grace may
2:23 And he said unto them, Why do ye such things? for I hear of your
29:27 Now therefore why hast thou not reproved Jeremiah of Anathoth,
thy God shall choose: 14:26 And thou shalt bestow that money for

true method.
carried his fine clothes with confidence rather than ease, and he
2:2 And straightway many were gathered together, insomuch that there

as herself?"
molten images are wind and confusion.
in the welcome she received, did her good.  Her father and sister
"It might be distressing, for the moment," said she; "but you seem
Bungle away at it then, and bring it to me (TURNS TO GO).  Oh, Life!
SYME sat down at a cafe table with his companions, his blue eyes

ill at ease meantime--to see what was next to follow.  First he takes
watered the flock of Laban his mother's brother.
night.
25:6 Remember, O LORD, thy tender mercies and thy lovingkindnesses;
A Kentucky corn-field, the tall, graceful, long-leav'd corn,
it looked like the diagram on the next page.
pruning hooks, and take away and cut down the branches.
benches, like an abandoned boardroom. When they were all in, he
28:2 And, behold, there was a great earthquake: for the angel of the
Their inward state of mind, calm region once 
"No, the idea is older; it was Satan who first said that he was
that IS proper for me to make."
answereth and saith unto him, Thou art the Christ.
For haste; such flight the great command impressed 
'A barrowful of WHAT?' thought Alice; but she had not long to doubt,



yourselves likewise with the same mind: for he that hath suffered in
days, and have nothing to eat: and I will not send them away fasting,
Ahab, but thou actest right; live in the game, and die in it!"
should be remembered and kept throughout every generation, every

and give them all the rest of the day, but her spirits had been
elbowed lances of fire.
the tackles and bands of the boat which swung there.  This boat had
have put my life in my hand, and have hearkened unto thy words which
recollect your look when you held the bunch of grapes to my lips, as I
all times, was an illustration of their opinions.
You greet with present Grace, and great prediction

every body's favourite--always wholesome.--These the finest beds
the wicked.
Christians, wore their clothes, and tried to talk their gibberish.
father so generally beloved--which gives Isabella all her popularity.--
"It is generally well known that out of the crews of Whaling vessels
Revilest thou God's high priest?  23:5 Then said Paul, I wist not,
Do they droop and end their lesson, wearied over there beyond the seas?
and seemed not to hear her.
Chagrined and surprised, they were obliged, though unwillingly,

defile himself.
1:16  For by him were all things created, that are in heaven, and that are

Moses and Aaron, and that brought your fathers up out of the land of

present abode.  Some letters had passed between her
darkened by reason of the smoke of the pit.
capering about most obstreperously.
him, as one brought up with him: and I was daily his delight,
to Alice as it spoke.
and when I have gone through my particular friends, then I begin
him the ass: and he rode thereon, 13:14 And went after the man of God,

delivered them to the slaughter.

awful pail was proof of it.
which transgress without cause.
serious attachment as certain, and looked forward
13:2 And there was a certain man of Zorah, of the family of the
the right of seniority of mind, she ventured to recommend
setting her own; which proved the ship to be the Jeroboam of
One has a moustache and no beard, so you can't see his mouth;
41:24 Behold, ye are of nothing, and your work of nought: an
"Can't stand what?" asked his opponent, eyeing him doubtfully.
21:23 Do therefore this that we say to thee: We have four men which
good that he should search you out? or as one man mocketh another, do


Hither my love!
"He intends to send his groom into Somersetshire
'Mary Ann! Mary Ann!' said the voice. 'Fetch me my gloves this moment!'

22:10 And the king of Israel and Jehoshaphat the king of Judah sat
Their party was small, and the hours passed quietly away.
it not, yet is he guilty, and shall bear his iniquity.
    greatest--no less could make thee,)

know thy works, that thou hast a name that thou livest, and art dead.
she lived, was in England, and, in his absence, all was managed by a Mr.
another, to shew the king of Babylon that his city is taken at one
concubines; and begat twenty and eight sons, and threescore

It was not only the old lion argent that was roaring in my ear,

come upon us.
 
Abarim, and see the land which I have given unto the children of
"Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation."
companions for their selfishness.  Nor could he help observing that

18:6 And when they opposed themselves, and blasphemed, he shook his

This night the human pair; how he designs 
as a scarecrow as this.  But, above all, he had never in all his

When he was speaking of it in that way, I honestly said that _the_
the paddles of a canoe; the girl's voice giving orders,
staff.

prophesied, and did not cease.
my voice. Comrades, we were discussing plans and naming places. I

Sidonian virgins paid their vows and songs; 
empty and final for the man of faith.  At last he broke out again
Adam relating, she sole auditress; 
infirmities.
The personal urge and form for me--not merely paper, automatic type
now all flying towards Ahab's boat; and when within a few yards began
for watching the flow of the tide, for sitting in unwearied contemplation;
"Did not you know," said Willoughby, "that we had
Upon his return home, however, the sight of the FAMOUS bow and arrow,
and he is seldom hunted.  He is mostly found in the circumpolar seas.
why she was to be considered so much at home as to lose her place.
It was a great consolation that Mr. Elton should not be really


villages, and in the castles, was Jehonathan the son of Uzziah: 27:26
that his stay at Cleveland was necessary to herself,

any would not work, neither should he eat.
supernatural was not natural, but it was perfectly reasonable.

thyself even unto hell.
quickened, except it die: 15:37 And that which thou sowest, thou
Strong shoulders, manly beard, scapula, hind-shoulders, and the
shall know that I am the LORD.
the father; the mother against the daughter, and the daughter against
with his accomplice, who tried in vain to quiet his fears and raise his
3:11 I indeed baptize you with water unto repentance. but he that
saw that it was St. Paul's Cathedral, and he saw that on the top
'Off with his head!' she said, without even looking round.
I look where the ship helplessly heads end on, I hear the burst as
thy servant will go and fight with this Philistine.

voice of affected insouciance: "By George!  MacIan, she is
3:20 For every one that doeth evil hateth the light, neither cometh to

3:15 But now bring me a minstrel. And it came to pass, when the
pursed together.  Such eye-wrinkles are very effectual in a scowl.
indeed the firstborn: 21:17 But he shall acknowledge the son of the
a lot to learn yet."
Or many a herb-lined brook's reticulations,
workers of miracles?  12:30 Have all the gifts of healing? do all
7:16 For now have I chosen and sanctified this house, that my name may

city, and that the smoke of the city ascended, then they turned again,
they allayed agitation; they composed, and consequently must
16:38 And I will judge thee, as women that break wedlock and shed
10:4 And if they blow but with one trumpet, then the princes, which

His property here, his place, his house, every thing is in
cares. But the industrious man was received by the Fairy of Fortune, and

as the eldest son;--and as to any thing else, they are

it. I must be off. Breakfast here next Sunday."
     50
1:1 Now it came to pass in the days of Ahasuerus, (this is Ahasuerus
"I am the Fairy Candide," she said to the prince. "I promised your

seer. And they sang praises with gladness, and they bowed their heads
came downstairs.  All this could not but be present to his memory; but,
and no renewal of acquaintance now could do any good; and were Lady Russell
16:35 And there came out a fire from the LORD, and consumed the two
"Well, let me make haste and be gone.  Your sister
like such an unreserve as had been, such an open and frequent
hear you."

tempered, too."
first few glances found nothing unusual about him, except that he
dinner or a supper, call not thy friends, nor thy brethren, neither
and lead thy captivity captive, thou son of Abinoam.
eager, trembling hand;--"a whole week, did you say?  My mother may get
and she was followed, or rather surrounded, by the whole gang,
that our last King Hamlet o'recame Fortinbras
and Lod, with the towns thereof: 8:13 Beriah also, and Shema, who were

MacIan turned his head, and his face, already pale, grew a shade
thirtieth year of Artaxerxes the king, that is, twelve years, I and my
society of Highbury when he comes again; that is, if I may presume
drinking.
flaming furnace as hail those boats in that storm.  Meanwhile the
24:13 But he that shall endure unto the end, the same shall be saved.
of thine own have we given thee.


12:48 But he answered and said unto him that told him, Who is my
    hear the ironical echoes?)
"Well?" inquired Turnbull, stamping again.


stable-servants, to stand in the angle.  There is something cheery in its
the children of Manasseh: 7:55 His offering was one silver charger of
other did set up the tabernacle against they came.



plant has just two tiny leaves on it, and shaped the same; they are
children of Abraham.
Ye Cedars, with innumerable boughs 
Thy windows rich, and huge hotels--thy side-walks wide;)

Was once thought honest: you haue lou'd him well,
and a certain vessel descending upon him, as it had been a great sheet
       A little small Rid Hin,
all the evil that he did in the sight of the LORD, in provoking him to


people; a tumultuous noise of the kingdoms of nations gathered
Through all eternity, so late to build 

XII
Of utmost Arnon. Nor content with such 
known,

said and you will think him an insane mystic.  No, the great
Impatient to return to the theatre, the moment the hours destined for
in the evening, he knew that he should have time to feed Lightfoot,
salvation.

25:38 And it came to pass about ten days after, that the LORD smote
the poet's head like a purple windmill a thing happened which was
Surely whoever speaks to me in the right voice, him or her I shall follow,
heaven were his throne and the earth his footstool, I swear that
sir; I'm glad to see you--very glad to see you, Mr. Talbot.
art the helper of the fatherless.
for the other officer.  In the new presence of daylight and people clothed
who told me that they were some of the rarest and finest in Holland.

20:2 And the chief of all the people, even of all the tribes of
20:13 And all Judah stood before the LORD, with their little ones,
here.  I take it, that the earliest standers of mast-heads were the
106:41 And he gave them into the hand of the heathen; and they that
tendency to sink.  However, Starbuck, who had the ordering of
      both go to
the sight and society of both.
this bottle does. I do hope it'll make me grow large again, for really

the Jews had agreed already, that if any man did confess that he was
most terrific of all mortal disasters have immemorially and

were the very feelings which ought to taste it but sparingly.
wait a bit longer? and we might make it all up in time; for a penny a day
third day?--For when three days flow together in one continuous

Nectarine fruits which the compliant boughs 
and most mountainous!  That Himmalehan, salt-sea Mastodon, clothed
    nourish'd me more, and the beautiful day pass'd well,
The rare, strange thing is to hit the mark; the gross, obvious
    the Nevadas, I cross'd the plateaus,


Harriet's mind, Emma would have been amused by its variations.
of sentiment as he answered.
brought forth; neither is there any that taketh her by the hand of all

his face, and found him with some surprise to be her brother.
a frying-pan after her as she went out, but it just missed her.
How many hold despairingly yet to the models departed, caste, myths,
Mr. and Mrs. Cole should have done it.  I think it would be


33:14 The sinners in Zion are afraid; fearfulness hath surprised the
4:25 The woman saith unto him, I know that Messias cometh, which is
moment, I tell you!' But she went on all the same, shedding gallons of
And overwhelm their war:  The race elect 
whimpering, and begging to be set free.
she was invited to play.  The instrument was unlocked,

liked it, either now or an hour hence.  He had gone beyond the sweep--
JOHN TALBOT,
ye heave it.




10:23 Then called he them in, and lodged them. And on the morrow Peter
six times before he reached the highest of the outer galleries
understanding being enlightened; that ye may know what is the hope of
unto her, If thou weavest the seven locks of my head with the web.
of their conversation.  For, though shy, he did not seem reserved;

which was the son of Mattatha, which was the son of Nathan, which was

things?  2:6 And now ye know what withholdeth that he might be
I could not but by her. The other Motiue,
By falsities and lies the greatest part 
Over the sharp-peak'd farm house, with its scallop'd scum and
morality or immorality, so we had better face the fact that comes
but, alas! the little door was shut again, and the little golden key was
natural proportions of the hip and shoulder.
VOLUME II
things with spiritual.
3:10 And next unto them repaired Jedaiah the son of Harumaph, even

29:16 And it shall be no more the confidence of the house of Israel,
Riblah: 25:21 And the king of Babylon smote them, and slew them at
recollect half the dishes for grandmama?  Soup too!  Bless me!
3:17 And he reared up the pillars before the temple, one on the right
unto the sons of Merari, according unto their service, under the hand
accosting the poor girl, whom she had done everything in her power to
in their sight.
than Sir Wilson, but his account of the opening incidents was
For, high from ground, the branches would require 
corner.
and Mrs. Jennings one morning for half an hour. She
to be an inheritance for your tribes, from Jordan, with all the
said the desperate villain; "but if we offer him rather more than the
The credit of whose virtue rest with thee; 
with his feathers, and cast it beside the altar on the east part, by
The gift of perfect women fit for thee--what if that gift of gifts
God's altar to disparage and displace 
But now I sing not war,
a vagabond in the earth; and it shall come to pass, that every one
And, Whosoever shall swear by the altar, it is nothing; but whosoever
"Listen!" repeated Turnbull, grimly.  "Did you ever hear anyone
30:29 I am a brother to dragons, and a companion to owls.
had asked him on what his throbbing happiness hung, he could only



To conceive no time, however distant, but what you may reach it and pass it,
felt the claims of Dr Shirley to repose as she ought; saw how very
give me that piece of the honey-comb that lies there?"
whale-line.

31:16 For all the riches which God hath taken from our father, that is

her."
line from a neighboring boat, in case the stricken whale should sound
As a magistrate Mr. Cumberland Vane had been somewhat careless
'Give your evidence,' said the King; 'and don't be nervous, or I'll have
commandedst thy servant Moses.
52:1 Zedekiah was one and twenty years old when he began to reign, and
whale-hunting department and all its concerns, the Specksynder or
speechless processions of slow-pacing pilgrims, down-cast and hooded
and that is the foundation on which every thing good may
he had many troubles and many wars, but he always trusted that God would
again, afore breakfast."
and the Philistines slew Jonathan, and Abinadab, and Melchishua,
did another subject succeed; for Mr. John Knightley now came
For thee come trooping up thy waters and thy lands;
52:12 For ye shall not go out with haste, nor go by flight: for the
they are very pretty, and that one of them is going to be

13:31 And if the priest look on the plague of the scall, and, behold,
     "Where are you going?" asked his friend.
Stept in so farre, that should I wade no more,
them down; and as there could be no occasion of their

sepulchre, and told all these things unto the eleven, and to all the
"And for that very reason you should not ask him, because, you know he

for they will not receive thy testimony concerning me.
That shed Mayflowers; and pressed her matron lip 
that I shall do unto him whom ye call the King of the Jews?  15:13 And
Extraordinary dream, indeed!"
78:30 They were not estranged from their lust. But while their meat
field. Syme's experience was something much more psychologically
the old Fox hid behind the wood-pile, and as soon as she bent down to
2:6 Ye shall buy meat of them for money, that ye may eat; and ye shall
and I am sure from his manner that you will have him calling here soon.
twelve columns for the twelve months; and horizontally through each
LORD hath spoken this word.
eyes all the way.
age shall be clearer than the noonday: thou shalt shine forth, thou
"All merged in my friendship, Sophia.  I would assist any
from them, and then shall they fast in those days.
The Dashwoods were two days on the road, and Marianne
Menteth, Cathnes, Angus, and Soldiers Marching.
Of sorrow unfeigned, and humiliation meek 
righteousness, I declare things that are right.
numbered.
Ashdothpisgah, and Bethjeshimoth, 13:21 And all the cities of the

all of them with the angle, they catch them in their net, and gather
instrument of ten strings will I sing praises unto thee.


This boades some strange erruption to our State
fix children's comforters with a safety-pin.  Only this,"
Therefore let our Alliance be combin'd,
in the parlour.
whispered little Anne.  The morning came;  but no carriages were heard,
Each of us allow'd the eternal purports of the earth,

by awakening her fears for the health of Marianne,
And through the orchard and along the old lanes once more.
     eBook or this "small print!" statement.  You may however,

Do not muse at me my most worthy Friends,

their brother Asahel at Gibeon in the battle.

to describe it--I have pained you too much already.
104:4 Who maketh his angels spirits; his ministers a flaming fire:
12:2 Ye know that ye were Gentiles, carried away unto these dumb
abruptly--


59:7 Behold, they belch out with their mouth: swords are in their

life immortal on them.  Would to God these blessed calms would last.
7:33 He among the sons of Aaron, that offereth the blood of the peace
covering, his taches, and his boards, his bars, his pillars, and his
       *       *       *       *       *
the field: and the man asked him, saying, What seekest thou?  37:16
of King Oberon.  Every time he pulled out the frame of a new glass,
afar off: and they two stood by Jordan.

said she, when dinner was over and they had drawn round
along with ye."  And so saying, he led the way below deck into the
Gambolled before them; the unwieldy elephant, 

Picking out here one that I love, and now go with him on brotherly terms.

     25
Goes slow and stately: By them thrice he walkt,
Enter.
"Well, shall we fight now?" he said.
other poor.
to pay his addresses to her had sunk him in her opinion.
Enter Artemidorus.
When he lay couched in the Ominous Horse,
transformation scene he stepped forward with all the gravity and
species of house.
6:14 So will I stretch out my hand upon them, and make the land

2:17 And the world passeth away, and the lust thereof: but he that
all the kings of the land of Uz, and all the kings of the land of the
"But indeed this is quite another thing.  I am sure
his own independence, relieve him from that state of indecision,
works.

7:12 But when Jacob heard that there was corn in Egypt, he sent out
while he talked with us by the way, and while he opened to us the
Dead house of love--house of madness and sin, crumbled, crush'd,
Lord Jesus Christ.
I tread day and night such roads.
in Captain Wentworth's appearing fixed in Lyme.
according to thy words.
34:3 For the ear trieth words, as the mouth tasteth meat.
3:6 He hath set me in dark places, as they that be dead of old.
your pocket?' he went on, turning to Alice.
for some time, he believed, half stupified between
It came out quite unawares, quite undesignedly.  I, you may
the whole head is sick, and the whole heart faint.
31:2 Bow down thine ear to me; deliver me speedily: be thou my strong
thou exalted thy voice, and lifted up thine eyes on high? even against
disappointed; and the keen attorney seized the moment to inform him that

3:12 I will also leave in the midst of thee an afflicted and poor
hateth gifts shall live.
Marcellus, the Riuals of my Watch, bid them make hast.
new shaping their various weapons and boat furniture.  Often he would
shall be full of doleful creatures; and owls shall dwell there, and
Saturday.--Yours, E. NUTT.
girl who will marry somebody or other,) till she grow desperate,

three men, then his wrath was kindled.
to be engaged, if there is a certainty of their being able to marry
    thick dotted roads, areas,
    as we now belong to it.

"Yes; but we must not rest our claims on that distinction.
8:17 And in every province, and in every city, whithersoever the

ministers, attending continually upon this very thing.
"You were," said Syme seriously, and hung the heavy lantern over

[BOOK XXXIV.  SANDS AT SEVENTY]
witnessing their habitudes." --THOMAS BEALE'S HISTORY OF THE SPERM
main-mast--"Men, this gold is mine, for I earned it; but I shall let
they went out of the city, and came unto him.
Where the great vessel sailing and tacking displaced the surface,

interpretation thereof, shall be clothed with scarlet, and have a
Which must be born to certain woe, devoured 
Second, there was a pretty stiff wind against which he was running;

23:52 This man went unto Pilate, and begged the body of Jesus.
Liken on earth conspicuous, that may lift 
in his hand-writing.--That would not do.--She shook her head,
having great power; and the earth was lightened with his glory.
Sydney men, are so much distrusted by our whaling captains.  Nor does
"When my hand flies up," said Syme, "it will strike somebody
Vanguard, to right and left the front unfold; 
But farewell it: for I will vse no Art.
11:17 And if some of the branches be broken off, and thou, being a
9:7 And said unto him, Go, wash in the pool of Siloam, (which is by

where and in all things I am instructed both to be full and to be

in books.  Men have had every advantage of us in telling their own story.
17:8 And it came to pass, that on the morrow Moses went into the
Ahijah the Shilonite, and in the visions of Iddo the seer against
and mammon.

1:20 And thou, my lord, O king, the eyes of all Israel are upon thee,
     4
Exeunt
also of the sabbath.
"but she does sometimes provoke me excessively, by her nonsense
testimony entirely independent of my own.  That point is this: The
"Aye, aye," said Mrs. Jennings, "we know the reason
Mrs Smith hesitated a little here.  "Oh! those things are too common.
4:41 These are they that were numbered of the families of the sons of
will you be pleased to forbid him my dairy? for here he comes prying and
12:8 And the priests consented to receive no more money of the people,
such as would have happened in such a place in a forgotten tale.
base, and four cubits the breadth thereof, and three cubits the height
made as though he would have gone further.
6:1 We then, as workers together with him, beseech you also that ye
in his own official department.  By favour of Hirsch and the authorities,

Selah.
39:16 And also the name of the city shall be Hamonah. Thus shall they
No hairdresser from London I think could.--Ah! Dr. Hughes I declare--
here at six o'clock."
God, a mighty, and a terrible, which regardeth not persons, nor taketh
The dull nights go over and the dull days also,

Her nightly visitation unimplor'd, 
29:24 And Laban gave unto his daughter Leah Zilpah his maid for an
18:13 Otherwise I should have wrought falsehood against mine own life:
Frank Churchill seemed to have been on the watch; and though
tutor, the carpenter.
by all the rest of the company, she came into the hall.  Jem modestly
thereof every whit, for the LORD thy God: and it shall be an heap for
Imbordered on each bank, the hand of Eve: 
Egypt, see that thou do all those wonders before Pharaoh, which I have

they were too strong for him, he turned and went back unto his house.
for himself, and shall make an atonement for himself, and for his
horse block in the inn yard.  Here, whilst he ate, he overheard the
profaned the holiness of the LORD which he loved, and hath married the
precepts with my whole heart.

corn; but he got a fall, leaping the ditch out yonder, which pacified me,

thereof; with lower, second, and third stories shalt thou make it.

25:23 His lord said unto him, Well done, good and faithful servant;
of lions.
"Queequeg no care what god made him shark," said the savage,
a gown for herself, I must."  She selected the prettiest; and whilst the

was not the recollection of what had been, the knowledge of her influence,

They flow hand in hand over the whole earth from east to west as
magic harp. The harp was beautiful to look upon, mighty in size, made of
9:21 And the princes said unto them, Let them live; but let them be
16:24 Hitherto have ye asked nothing in my name: ask, and ye shall
War wearied hath performed what war can do, 
wife, which she spake unto him, saying, After this manner did thy
irritably.
thrust through with a dart: 12:21 And so terrible was the sight, that
peaceably.
19:16 Thou shalt not go up and down as a talebearer among thy people:

Ahaziah king of Judah, and said, Who are ye? And they answered, We are
could have shown it, but their kindness showed it with a ghastly
13:28 Now Absalom had commanded his servants, saying, Mark ye now when
of Lucy, to be sure they will make no difficulty about it;'
Scena Secunda.
hookah, and taking not the smallest notice of her or of anything else.
thought can add to his stature one cubit?  12:26 If ye then be not
first; and Benhadad sent out, and they told him, saying, There are men
Oh, that that earth, which kept the world in awe,

 
it unto thee, even ten tribes.
 The trembling woman presse
night, each man according to the interpretation of his dream, the
Not pay thee
And let the Angell whom thou still hast seru'd
soon the vessel might be sailing.  So Queequeg and I got down our

"Yes," he replied gravely, "once I have.  One meeting

We need your donations more than ever!
Long exile from Christendom and civilization inevitably restores a
water of young cocoanuts into a large stained calabash like a
Some half-kill'd attempted to crawl away,
neither behaved to him so as to make his home comfortable
After six still seconds Turnbull could stand it no longer, but
While she remained, a bush of low rambling holly protected her,
copestone is on, and the chips were carted off a million years ago.
Anne went home to think over all that she had heard.  In one point,
people that are on the wall.
sacrifice the abomination of the Egyptians before their eyes, and will
from the house of our God?  1:17 The seed is rotten under their clods,
The shopman recovered himself from a stunning surprise and burst
into the bowl before the blessed beverage circulates.  Seeing himself
died for it under the swords of the Yeomanry.  I am going to die
The morning after these two boys arrived at their uncle's they were eager
with so much good humour, that her father at last said, that it was
there is no judgment.
 Seeking after that sweet golden clime
by an excellent woman as governess, who had fallen little short
me say that it has an eye which applied, according to the
as anyone else's prose.  He desired fame or wine or the beauty of women
    the prairies,
6:15 And this house was finished on the third day of the month Adar,
fifty years ago did Nathan Swain kill fifteen whales between a
50:9 For, lo, I will raise and cause to come up against Babylon an
that thy children take heed to their way to walk in my law, as thou
"Well, mother, I have done something for you that you will like.
The song is to the singer, and comes back most to him,
shouldest come under my roof: but speak the word only, and my servant
Lady Russell could not hear the door-bell without feeling that it might


have no superior, but most true on mine.--She is a complete angel.
king's merchants received the linen yarn at a price.
them, and ye shall dwell in the land which I have given to you and to
I grin at thee, thou grinning whale!  Look ye, sun, moon, and stars!
The carpenter was speaking to Mr. Somerville upon the landing-place of
higher.  After all it is easy enough to see what is really wrong
dog is turned to his own vomit again; and the sow that was washed to
26:15 Look down from thy holy habitation, from heaven, and bless thy
her favourite authors were brought forward and dwelt

3:25 And the charge of the sons of Gershon in the tabernacle of the
on to make more than an allowable use of the sort of intimacy
the valleys: I will make the wilderness a pool of water, and the dry
hair on his head--none to speak of at least--nothing but a small
CHAPTER 2
4:9 (Now that he ascended, what is it but that he also descended first
before his people.

"He IS a good horse!" cried Jem, and threw his arm over Lightfoot's neck,
Goes Fleance with you?
sufficiently explained the whole to him.
to try them that dwell upon the earth.
Than at Circean call the herd disguised. 
now come forth to give thee skill and understanding.
their God: for the offerings of the LORD made by fire, and the bread
shall go over before this people, and he shall cause them to inherit
mindful of his covenant.


Handed they went; and, eased the putting off 
In going backe to Schoole in Wittenberg,
and said unto them, Thus saith the LORD, Ye have forsaken me, and
thy merchandise: and they shall break down thy walls, and destroy thy



and her features small, without beauty, and naturally
"Wall," said the landlord, fetching a long breath, "that's a purty

With pure deliberate notes spreading filling the night.
him: he hath broken his covenant.

30:9 So David went, he and the six hundred men that were with him, and
and then proves to be less brave than he was supposed to be. That was
8:33 And all Israel, and their elders, and officers, and their judges,

And makes a covenant never to destroy 
Peleg hurried him over the side, and both dropt into the boat.
biteth the horse heels, so that his rider shall fall backward.
7:46 My head with oil thou didst not anoint: but this woman hath
Ere forgetfulness altogether came over me, I had noticed that the
the square, alas! there was the clown, doing his silly tricks for the
things.
and dangerous distinction."
19:12 So Michal let David down through a window: and he went, and
fighting.  Unfortunately, as the police are in some sense pursuing
     9
   Macb. Where?
was thirty thousand men.
the house of God, and did eat the shewbread, which was not lawful for
explanations, were quite startled at the look of him. For now that
when instantly an oily calmness floats out from the east, and the sea
Join hands, my friends."  They all joined hands.  "Promise me not to
How together through life, through dangers, odium, unchanging, long
you've met Colonel Cray of the Royal Artillery."
stretched out into the sea to seize him.
that she ventured to hope he did not always read only poetry,

my word, I have scarcely ever had a bad morning before."
Talb.  I'm fumbling for--oh, here it is.  Now, Lord John, I once did

portion shall be ten thousand eastward, and ten thousand westward: and
are tall, straight, and flourishing.  I do not like ruined,

saying, Tell the vision to no man, until the Son of man be risen again
blessing, he was rejected: for he found no place of repentance, though
his cities unto the Levites according to his inheritance which he

     1


quarrelling, and who threatened vengeance for having been refused the new
7:13 And when Gideon was come, behold, there was a man that told a

certain additions made of thin work.
Puts me in doubt.  Lives there who loves his pain! 
Down-hearted doubters dull and excluded,
nor from his wicked way, he shall die in his iniquity; but thou hast
Does the earth gravitate? does not all matter, aching, attract all matter?
the eyes of Zedekiah, and bound him with fetters of brass, and carried
The battle-front forms amid the smoke--the volleys pour incessant
I saw the debris and debris of all the slain soldiers of the war,

28:18 Cursed shall be the fruit of thy body, and the fruit of thy
sea and land to make one proselyte, and when he is made, ye make him
whose name was Brown and who was fortunately a silent individual;

could admire the letter; but it did all that was wanted,
12:5 Peter therefore was kept in prison: but prayer was made without
_She_ _felt_ _the_ _engagement_ _to_ _be_ _a_ _source_ _of_ _repentance_ _and_ _misery_
"It is a new world," he cried, with a dreadful mirth.  "It is a
will I break in pieces old and young; and with thee will I break in
waste.

taught.
Edward had been staying several weeks in the house
admire his beauty, and ask him questions which his mother
convinced of it.  What is the amount of his fortune?"

seek strength because of the enemy.
observed Elinor, "and your difficulties will soon vanish."
Came to the sea: and, over Hellespont 
instantaneously and recovered their original pose, but they had
Yet not so strictly hath our Lord imposed 
agreement with hell shall not stand; when the overflowing scourge
astonishment, beheld one of the bed curtains in flames.  He immediately
Well, Honor is the subiect of my Story:
if it were to be the means of inconvenience to the Highbury people,
34:32 And afterward all the children of Israel came nigh: and he gave

Reuisits thus the glimpses of the Moone,
therefore he would not drink it. These things did these three mighty


my addresses to her, I allowed myself most improperly
   Ham. Heere thou incestuous, murdrous,
It was a great object with me at that time to be at sea;
The King and Queen of Hearts were seated on their throne when they

And to-day and ever so stands, as blender, uniter, tightly holding hands,
after searching the hold as low down as was possible in rather heavy

   Kin. Hee mad confession of you,
save my ship?"
a groundwork of anticipation as her mind had already made.
wrote unto us, If any man's brother die, having a wife, and he die
2:32 These are those which were numbered of the children of Israel by
'it's a vegetable. It doesn't look like one, but it is.'

"It is his."
other time.  You shall know all when we meet.  So, till then, fare ye
the tempest had left for its after sport.
21:39 And they caught him, and cast him out of the vineyard, and slew

Did run pure blood: and many lusty Romans
indeed!--This is admirable!--Excellently contrived, upon my word.
And country, whereof here needs no account; 
soldiers' hall; and there the pages brought the jester's wretched ape,
The debt immense of endless gratitude, 

of them may have received a transfer of letters from some third, and
Wider by far than that of after-times 
"Whenever the time may come, it must be unwelcome to her and all

the gentleman to whom Rossmore Castle belonged, to write to him, and tell
beaten the graven images into powder, and cut down all the idols
13:3 Therefore they shall be as the morning cloud and as the early dew
leaf whatever; and into the hole itself you can hardly insert a
extremely fond of certain coloured sugar plums, and of burnt almonds.

all day long.
used to affluence:  it was gone.  She had no child to connect her
CHAPTER 5
90:8 Thou hast set our iniquities before thee, our secret sins in the

probably a shade the better fencer of the two, he found the
4:21 And Solomon reigned over all kingdoms from the river unto the
When one lives in the world, a man or woman's marrying for money
and he is very well worth setting your cap at, I can
way that is not good.

37:24 By thy servants hast thou reproached the Lord, and hast said, By

"She would indeed.  I am almost ashamed to say it."
never were occupied, then shall I be weak, and be as another man.
But without eyesight lingers a different living and looks curiously
I never spent a pleasanter morning in my life."
They were only asked, she was sure, because Lady Dalrymple being
"No, Marianne, in no possible way."
even tulips and roses, with its own blank tinge--pondering all this,

Floating on the waves we saw the abandoned boat, as for one instant
Ile Charme the Ayre to giue a sound,
to the charge.
6:1 And the word of the LORD came unto me, saying, 6:2 Son of man, set
Hadst thou taken this old blacksmith to thyself ere his full ruin
it shall not be treasured nor laid up; for her merchandise shall be
Exeunt.
she might venture to repeat what she had heard said by good authority,
And you, sweet singers of old lands, soprani, tenori, bassi!
would care about a uniform; and now I should have supposed you'd have
of Knightley."
the long straight street and the rest is as this gentleman has said.
Partakers, and uncropt falls to the ground. 

23:31 And I will set thy bounds from the Red sea even unto the sea of
house of the LORD.
Israel: thou shalt again be adorned with thy tabrets, and shalt go
that I have been speaking truth, I am now going to destroy--what I
taken the money and left the box.  You see I was right; no MAN would have
Knowing this first, that there shall come in the last days scoffers,
Why did'st thou send me forth braue Cassius?
"What can you mean by all this?" cried Syme. "They can't be

besought that these words might be preached to them the next sabbath.
not receive evil? In all this did not Job sin with his lips.

sure as I'm a living woman, sir; but if you'll only take my advice--"
eyes to the idols of the house of Israel, hath not defiled his
"except why I am telling you; and that I don't know."
I am there, I help, I came stretch'd atop of the load,
Breaking the horrid silence, thus began:-- 
adopt either of them, but by all means build a cottage.'
and Captain Wentworth proposed, and Charles Musgrove agreed,

Exeunt.
of his inconstancy, and confirm their separation for ever,
    long-round walnuts,
To inflate the chest, to roll the thunder of the voice out from the
his own home for their's!--How was it to be endured?  And if he were

quite out of patience!--And though one would be very glad
CHAPTER IX
And his Opinion: Now I change my minde,
9:8 For the whole house of Ahab shall perish: and I will cut off from
Emma scarcely heard what was said.--Her mind was divided between

back to finish his story.
to your convenience; but I must go and see my father immediately.
Then the wee boy smiled, and said he liked the little story. His mother
2:35 Yet thou sayest, Because I am innocent, surely his anger shall
48:17 Thus saith the LORD, thy Redeemer, the Holy One of Israel; I am
stare, flashed one glance over his shoulder at the line of railway
"All the great rebels have been very little rebels," said the man
him.  "I am to understand, then," he said, "that you don't believe
10:21 Unto Shem also, the father of all the children of Eber, the
"But you have not seen so much of the world as I have.  You do not

house divided against itself shall not stand: 12:26 And if Satan cast

I happened to drop in for ten minutes; and I saw

Just o'er the blissful seat of Paradise, 
19:14 And the armies which were in heaven followed him upon white

But, glad that now his sea should find a shore, 
not bear more patiently with Miss Bursal's little airs?

near me, and so I looked where it could come from; and I saw, in a nice
lightning, and she never once looked up from her work.  "Is not she very
So you would all.  Mrs. Weston, you would be quite laid up;
I am the actor, the actress, the voter, the politician,
the Gentiles, which lifted up their horn over the land of Judah to
panes in each of the other windows, to prevent suspicion, and to make it
there,' thought Alice, 'it'll never do to come upon them THIS size: why,

prudent in their own sight!  5:22 Woe unto them that are mighty to
As you will do it, it will indeed, to use your own words,
in the face, except something that was probably a mere nervous trick--
66:1 Thus saith the LORD, The heaven is my throne, and the earth is my

I am always watching her to admire; and I do pity her from my heart."

Of Him who all things can, I would not cease 
against the city.
never wished the past undone, she began now to have the anxiety

a very ingenious person," he said; "it could not have been done better
5:22 For the Father judgeth no man, but hath committed all judgment
Oh this is the poyson of deepe greefe, it springs
They generally go in pairs,--a pike-and-gaffman and a spade-man.

know him: he hath much Land, and fertile; let a Beast
I am very sure he understands the value of friendship as well as
always rather fancied it would be some young lady hereabouts;
to be a "Picture of a Physeter or Spermaceti whale, drawn by scale
'Twere best not know my selfe.

six times a week:  and yet you find it sticks to your tongue like
With blackest insurrection to confound 
in Louisa's room would be sufficient for her, if Mrs Harville
"Come, come; this is all an effusion of immediate

place whether there really is any fate or any commandment against
the princes, heard his words, the king sought to put him to death: but
Jonah Historically Regarded.
"You are willing, that is enough," said the unknown.
constellation of stars.  Relieved against the ghostly light, the
Old matron of this proud, friendly, turbulent city,
Judah.
cast out the beam out of thine own eye; and then shalt thou see
he's in the House of Lords; and you fancy he has a father.
dry, and I will dry up thy rivers: 44:28 That saith of Cyrus, He is my
6:8 Now, O king, establish the decree, and sign the writing, that it
you want to fight?  What do you want to fight about?"
Of that alluring fruit, urged me so keen. 
A common man looking at this decision of the very learned Judge,

23:6 Be ye therefore very courageous to keep and to do all that is
many as the stars of the sky in multitude, and as the sand which is by
at six o'clock sink into a quiet, steady, and to all
     "Behind the lectern, and looking across the valley,
more into the air, Sirs.'

Gratifying, however, and stimulative as was the letter in the
forbeareth to keep the passover, even the same soul shall be cut off
but somehow there was a little bustle--for it so happened that we
To the finny people's king.
Johnny Chuck, Jimmy Skunk, Unc' Billy Possum, Striped Chipmunk and Old
2:12 Wherefore, my beloved, as ye have always obeyed, not as in my
manner separated from the water that escaped at the lip.
priests should swear that smoky jet of his was genuine.  To and fro I
The flashing and golden pageant of California,
if she were to leave the room vacant, we might not be invited.
12:52 For from henceforth there shall be five in one house divided,
over.
Such a funny, sporty, gamy, jesty, joky, hoky-poky lad, is the Ocean, oh!
her wonder was otherwise disposed of.  It was engrossed
cause he is the mediator of the new testament, that by means of death,
27:3 I the LORD do keep it; I will water it every moment: lest any
"I thought he meant to try his skill, by his manner of declining
dedicated the house of the LORD.
88:5 Free among the dead, like the slain that lie in the grave, whom
"Yes," said de Worms, "behind that particular window which you
Satiate with genial moisture; when God said, 
of Labrador.  As it is, parts of her back country are enough to
4:33 And with many such parables spake he the word unto them, as they

Hachilah, which is on the south of Jeshimon?  23:20 Now therefore, O
battle against the Syrians: and they fled before him.
John Dashwood was really far from being sorry to see
     Above him, at the angle of the steep green bank of the
terrify you by letters.
something like the spouts of the whales; only they did not so

7:17 Therefore thus saith the LORD; Thy wife shall be an harlot in the
sides of the cave.
Then I woke softly,
our measure, that is, of other men's labours; but having hope, when


should not have liberty of mind or limb to that amount.  He cannot

in her speaking to him, even voluntarily speaking,
sorry for him;--she wished him happy.  But the feelings
"Your poor goat is dead," replied Peggy.  "There she is, yonder, lying
When the procession came opposite to Alice, they all stopped and looked
except there come a falling away first, and that man of sin be
    (Before she had this fit)
sword, bleeding without hope at Culloden.  It is Charles refusing
romantic proceeding of decanting off his oil into the casks and
30:1 The word that came to Jeremiah from the LORD, saying, 30:2 Thus
Temanite, and Bildad the Shuhite, and Zophar the Naamathite: for they


One possibility, however, kept him hopeful and yet helpless. It was


    and the sunlit part on the other side,
the priests.
Mrs. Jennings's prophecies, though rather jumbled together,
"'What are you making there?' said a shipmate.
Piedro, who felt himself in his father's grasp, and who knew that his
you--it wouldn't be just; but there," pointing to Hardy, "there is one
speak.
 But I said "I've a pretty rose tree,"
been displeased; O turn thyself to us again.
65:12 Therefore will I number you to the sword, and ye shall all bow
David's enemy continually.
Bethlehemjudah toward the side of mount Ephraim; from thence am I: and
4:9 And when those beasts give glory and honour and thanks to him that
11:6 And the hare, because he cheweth the cud, but divideth not the
talk of his bill, saw the money produced which would pay it in a moment--

could only suppose that the man's malady (whatever it was) involved
And all about found desolate; for those, 
can only watch me, knowing what I am. In short, it's a lonely,
unto them by the LORD God of Israel: now therefore we may not touch

tooth; he shall let him go free for his tooth's sake.
against the time to come, that they may lay hold on eternal life.
}[V]  And Yet Not You Alone

Among such friends, however, and such flattery, he did revive.
To call by vision, from his father's house, 
and manner, as to give a general idea, among Sir Walter's acquaintance,
bread continually before him all the days of his life.
"I shall not scold you.  I leave you to your own reflections."
plain that the whale alongside must be what the fishermen call a
     "It was a looking-glass on the other side," explained Father Brown.

in this place who might have been fathers of families, and every
   Ham. A Murderer, and a Villaine:
general reference, now transferringly measured on it the exact length
and the elders of Israel, unto the king of Egypt, and ye shall say
had encouragement."
but in felicity and splendour it fell short only of them:  it was
and to you I was only a voice commanding valour and an unnatural
down a hill.  His tormented body rolled not in brine but in blood,
before the LORD, that riseth up and buildeth this city Jericho: he
standing.*
"You had better go on," said she.
Two little breaths of words comprising it,

13:11 And I will punish the world for their evil, and the wicked for
on his side, totally unconvinced and unbending, and of his feeling himself
till just at last, when Mrs. Martin's saying, all of a sudden,
I am the LORD: for they shall not be ashamed that wait for me.
companions; but he brought to school with him secretly the sum of five
"Comrades," said the President, suddenly rising, "we have spun out
moved this native born Quaker one single jot, had not so much as
found the man, out of whom the devils were departed, sitting at the
within thy gates, shall come, and shall eat and be satisfied; that the
After the countless songs, or long or short, all tongues, all lands,
I've willed; and what I've willed, I'll do!  They think me

Almighty, true and righteous are thy judgments.
enclosure. The courtiers, who took care to pass that way, often, were
and do them: that the land, whither I bring you to dwell therein, spue
her wheel, for she was afraid that the noise of it had wakened her
and if operating without medium upon matter, would touch all objects,

"There are inconveniences attending such feelings
fish?"
and it required a long application of solitude and reflection
To rise at peep of day and pass forth nimbly to work,
** Philosophical Transactions, vol. ix. p. 440.

heard which could not be mistaken for one at any other house,
on his left.
30:3 If a woman also vow a vow unto the LORD, and bind herself by a
I require of thee, that is, Thou shalt not see my face, except thou

27:27 Thy riches, and thy fairs, thy merchandise, thy mariners, and
of masquerade.
Reach also of the tree of life, and eat, 
that dwell on the earth by the means of those miracles which he had
What! actually resolve to break with him entirely!--She felt
ear and left foot, so as to prevent its undoing itself,) she carried

17:8 And they troubled the people and the rulers of the city, when


not drunken, as ye suppose, seeing it is but the third hour of the
silver, his belly and his thighs of brass, 2:33 His legs of iron, his
matter is, Francisco, that you envy my good luck, and can't bear to hear
12:4 Now there are diversities of gifts, but the same Spirit.
only a struggle on each side as to which should be most disinterested
But neither geography nor tranquillity could come all at once,
and in another course, it branched out again between two

20:5 And the men of Gibeah rose against me, and beset the house round
unto me.
circumstances of his guilt.

and our people.


answered. And they leaped upon the altar which was made.
were scarcely less acceptable to Emma on her father's account,

another place in their sight: it may be they will consider, though
the uncircumcised.
My only strength and stay:  Forlorn of thee, 
Maiesty: this to the Queene
their own way."
what use they were, since no one could grind with them.
very image of the things, can never with those sacrifices which they
themselves: who was slain; and all, as many as obeyed him, were
So powerfully did the whole grim aspect of Ahab affect me, and the
fail her; and while these prime supplies of good remained, she might have
"Three-and-twenty!--is he indeed?--Well, I could not have thought it--
'Then you should say what you mean,' the March Hare went on.
flanks, and the caul above the liver, with the kidneys, it shall he
sake, and for Jerusalem's sake, the city which I have chosen out of
establish thou it.
turning to her loudly applauding companions.  "You will soon despise me.
hesitation,
her. And when she had opened it, she saw the child; the poor baby was
thee, saying, Is this the man that made the earth to tremble, that did
   Bru. Where's Publius?
15:16 And Caleb said, He that smiteth Kirjathsepher, and taketh it, to
Felix can have.  I know how he wins cook's favour too well, and I fancy I
crew to grasp their oars and stand by to stern.
feeding.
it will be more for the happiness of both of you,'

Night, sleep, death and the stars.
had been.  Absence, with the conviction probably of her indifference,
Borders on Egypt and the Arabian shore; 
the earth, and now not even hovering in the air!  There's orthodoxy!

remnant of them: for I will bring evil upon the men of Anathoth, even
"No," returned Elinor, cautious of giving her real
and Anne had the kindest welcome from each.  Henrietta was exactly
outrage. He had been blind and deaf for a moment, and then seen,
   2. Wee'l heare him, wee'l follow him, wee'l dy with
and they that were numbered of them were forty and five thousand and
provinces, and spread their net over him: he was taken in their pit.
incidentally for the re-discovery of the Lost Icelandic Colonies of


and entered into the subject, as ready to do good by entering into
5:24 And these were the heads of the house of their fathers, even

5:13 And David took him more concubines and wives out of Jerusalem,
priests?  9:22 But Saul increased the more in strength, and confounded

"If you were never particularly struck by her manners before,"
and the ground shall give her increase, and the heavens shall give
trunk of some huge oak, with a bird's nest in its crotch.  At any
frankincense and myrrh.

He hasted, and opposed the rocky orb 
64:1 Hear my voice, O God, in my prayer: preserve my life from fear of
Up-lifting bore them in their hands:  Amaze, 

First: According to magnitude I divide the whales into three primary
fish-documents do not make plain; but in that year (1775) it fitted

Such as Mrs. Elton appeared to her on this second interview,
above those that rise up against me: thou hast delivered me from the

of a people scattered and peeled, and from a people terrible from
To Haran; after him a cumbrous train 
to escape the letter itself.
'Well, it's got no business there, at any rate: go and take it away!'
stretch out thine hand upon the waters of Egypt, upon their streams,
Mrs. John Dashwood wished it likewise; but in the mean while,
By Angels many and strong, who interposed 
The vaunted work of thrift, goods, dwellings, forge, street, iron bridge,
It is the part of men, to feare and tremble,
ye do.

of truth; whom the world cannot receive, because it seeth him not,
Or Paumanok, Song of Myself, Calamus, or Adam,
33:21 For our heart shall rejoice in him, because we have trusted in
the little love-child, indeed; aye, I had forgot her;
By broad Potomac's shore, again old tongue,
his slow friend; he wanted to be off home again, about his business. So
thereof, and the head: and he burnt them upon the altar.

And black Gehenna called, the type of Hell. 
1:22 Of the children of Simeon, by their generations, after their

Rocks, woods, fort, cannon, pacing sentries, endless wilds,
follow the balloon across South England in hansom-cabs. But he

And haze and vista, and the far horizon fading away.
saying a word, just as I told you.  Grandmama was quite well,
ON A CRUISING-GROUND; WHEN, AFTER EXCHANGING HAILS, THEY EXCHANGE
Wearied I fell asleep:  But now lead on; 
milk.

so very lady-like!  But she is really quite the gentlewoman."
Addressed his way: not with indented wave, 
said, We are witnesses.

"I know nothing of the large parties of London, sir--I never dine
And for love, sweet love--but praise! praise! praise!

the kings of the Medes, 25:26 And all the kings of the north, far and
devious wake in the unnatural stump of his starboard fin.  Whether he
forward with the hope of coming to Randalls at no distant period."
Whether the flitting attendance of the one still and solitary jet had

the land of forgetfulness?
loved you.
From where I first drew air, and first beheld 
4:7 And upon the table of shewbread they shall spread a cloth of blue,
     And in her pocket pit the key,


frets that the boy should miss such a good place."
her society, separately from that of other people,
89:42 Thou hast set up the right hand of his adversaries; thou hast
"For powdering-slippers, miss," interrupted the basket-woman.
fool are in the ends of the earth.
up; 3:4 A time to weep, and a time to laugh; a time to mourn, and a

the sparks fly upward.
Dwellers south on the banks of the Gila or Rio Grande, friendly

hath devoured him; Joseph is without doubt rent in pieces.
been making a parade of my generosity.  Oh! what would Leonora, what
was always very ready to part with the little he had.  Nor was he a cross
"I'll teach you to play cow!" roared the Elephant.

neither mad nor a fool!--Your most obedient (going, angrily).
124:7 Our soul is escaped as a bird out of the snare of the fowlers:
menservants, and womenservants: and I have sent to tell my lord, that
     Nor hand of friend, nor loving face,
so long as it is quite solid means a general safety, but if there

whaleman, is the tutelary guardian of England; and by good rights, we
chemistry of villany, mixed their before secret treacheries together;
blood-red sparks.  But the lane was cut deep in the hill and

"Is it very ugly?" continued Mrs. Palmer--"then it
10:24 The disciple is not above his master, nor the servant above his
"Insulted you?" cried the gentleman with the red rosette, "when?"
I do think he must have been sent for about money matters,
Help when needed If the Dominican Republic achieves free , democratic government , it will be due in large part to the U.S. show of force that enabled President Balaguer to prevent a threatened restoration of Trujillo dictatorship . Outwardly , Ciudad Trujillo is calm . None of the Trujillo family remains . Mr. Balaguer is in control , and opposition leaders have no further excuse to suspect his offer of a coalition government preliminary to free elections in the spring . Had U.S. warships not appeared off the Dominican coast , there is every possibility that the country would now be wracked by civil war . Ultimately either the Trujillos would have been returned to power or the conflict would have produced conditions favorable to a takeover by Dominican elements responsive to Castro in Cuba . Within the Organization of American States , there may be some criticism of this unilateral American intervention which was not without risk obviously . But there was no complaint from the Dominican crowds which lined Ciudad Trujillo's waterfront shouting , `` Vive Yankees '' ! ! More , the U.S. action was hailed by a principal opposition leader , Dr. Juan Bosch , as having saved `` many lives and many troubles in the near future '' . Mr. Balaguer's troubles are by no means over . He will need the help of all OAS members to eradicate , finally , the forces of authoritarianism , pro-Trujillo and pro-Castro alike . In cooperating toward that objective , OAS might move with the speed and effectiveness demonstrated by the United States . Matter of survival those watching the growing rivalry between craft unions and industrial unions may recognize all the pressures that led to the big labor split in 1935 . Now , as then , it is a matter of jobs . Craft unions seek work that industrial unions claim , such as factory maintenance . The issue was sufficiently potent in 1935 to spark secession from the American Federation of Labor of its industrial union members . That breach was healed 20 years later by merger of the American Federation of Labor and the Congress of Industrial Organizations . Or that's what it looked like at the time . But automation and the increasing complexity of factories has renewed the competition for jobs . Walter Reuther , leader of the industrial union faction of the AFL-CIO , says another two years of this squabbling will be disastrous for all American labor . Whether it could be as disastrous for American labor as , say , Jimmy Hoffa of the Teamsters , is a matter of conjecture . But the jurisdictional disputes that result from the craft-industrial rivalry do not win friends for labor . Engaged as it is in a battle for world trade as a condition of national survival , this country can have little patience with labor's family feuds . The concept of labor as a special class is outmoded , and in the task confronting America as bastion of the free world , labor must learn to put the national interest first if it is itself to survive . Deterrent the Army , Navy and Air Force , among others , may question Secretary Freeman's claim that the high estate of United States agriculture is the `` strongest deterrent '' to the spread of communism . But the secretary insists that the success of the American farmer is the `` greatest single source of strength '' in the struggle to insure freedom around the world . Mr. Freeman said that in many of the countries he visited on a recent world trade trip people were more awed by America's capacity to produce food surpluses than by our industrial production -- or even by the Soviet's successes in space . This shouldn't surprise the secretary ; ; American taxpayers have been impressed by the surpluses for a long , long time . In fact , over the years , the American farmer's capacity to over-produce has cost the taxpayers a large dollar . And thus far , Mr. Freeman has offered very little relief . The 1961 feed grain program , which the secretary sponsored , has been declared a billion dollar fiasco . In exchange for higher price supports , growers pledged reduction in planted acreage . But the farmers outsmarted Washington by shortening the distance between the rows and pouring on the fertilizer . The result : $1.1 billion added to the deficit in the federal budget . Perhaps , as Mr. Freeman says , American agriculture may stop the Communists , but it is also swindling the American taxpayer . What's wrong at state A senate subcommittee headed by Sen. Jackson of Washington has been going over the State Department and has reached some predictable conclusions . The department needs a clearer `` sense of direction '' at the top and it needs fewer , but better , people , Sen. Jackson says . The subcommittee is not alone in questioning the effectiveness of the department . President Kennedy has indicated his dissatisfaction with its performance . But those who would revitalize so complex an organization must , first of all , overcome the resistance of layers of officials wedded to traditional procedures , suspicious of innovation and fearful of mistakes . Nor does Sen. Jackson discuss the delicate situation created by the presence in the White House of a corps of presidential assistants engaged in the study of foreign policy . This tends to create friction and confusion and has not made it easier for Secretary Rusk to restore vigor and initiative among his subordinates . But competent observers believe he is making progress , particularly toward what Sen. Jackson lists as the primary need -- `` a clearer understanding of where our vital national interests lie and what we must do to promote them '' . The Jackson report will provide some of the political support Mr. Rusk will need if he is to get rid of department personnel engaged , as Sen. Jackson puts it , `` in work that does not really need doing '' . Mr. Rusk should also draw comfort from Sen. Jackson's recommendation that congressional methods of dealing with national security problems be improved . Self-criticism is a rare but needed commodity in Congress . Betting men forecasting economic activity is a hazardous undertaking even for the specialist . But now apparently the job of Secretary of Labor requires that he be willing to risk his reputation as a prognosticator of unemployment trends . James P. Mitchell , when he was the head of the department , promised to eat his hat if unemployment didn't drop below three million a couple of years ago . He lost , but settled for a cake in the shape of a fedora . His successor , Secretary Goldberg , also has been guessing wrong on a drop in the unemployment rate which has been holding just under 7 per cent for the last 11 months . No betting man , Mr. Goldberg says he's merely `` putting my neck out again '' by predicting the rate will go down this month . He is basing his guess on new government statistics that show business has broadened its stride -- a new record high in personal income , an increase in housing starts , a spurt in retail sales and a gain in orders for durable goods . Mr. Mitchell had an excuse for losing -- the steel strike lasted much longer than he anticipated . Mr. Goldberg has less reason for missing . The economy seems to be sailing along on an even keel and the 1961 hurricane season and auto strikes are at an end so they can't be blamed in November . The odds thus appear favorable that the secretary's neck may be spared . Little resistance Cambodia's chief of state , who has been accused of harboring Communist marauders and otherwise making life miserable for neighboring South Viet Nam and Thailand , insists he would be very unhappy if communism established its power in Southeast Asia . But so convinced of communism's inevitable triumph is Prince Sihanouk that he is ready to throw in the towel . `` I have to see the facts '' , is the way the prince puts it . And from that point of vantage he concedes another two years of grace to nations maintaining a pro-Western posture . Prince Sihanouk's powers of prognostication some day may be confirmed but history is not likely to praise the courage of his convictions . Bottom sighted Commerce Secretary Hodges seems to have been cast in the role of pacemaker for official Washington's economic forecasters . Weeks ago he saw a business upturn in the second quarter of this year while his colleagues in the Cabinet were shaking their heads in disagreement . Recently Treasury Secretary Dillon and Labor Secretary Goldberg fell into line with Mr. Hodges' appraisal , though there has been some reluctance to do so at the White House . And now Mr. Hodges has pioneered further into the economic unknown with the announcement that he thinks business has stopped sliding and that it should start going upward from this point . He is the first top administration officer to see the bottom of the slump . The secretary based his assessment on the upturn in retail sales . February's volume was 1 per cent above January's for the first pickup since last October , although it's still 1.5 per cent off from February 1960 . Corroborating Mr. Hodges' figures was the Federal Reserve Board's report of the large sales increase in the nation's department stores for the week ending March 4 . In Newark , for example , this gain was put at 26 per cent above the year-earlier level . Of course , some of the credit for the sale boost must be given to improvement in the weather and to the fact that Easter comes more than two weeks earlier than in 1960 . Another optimistic sign , this one from the Labor Department , was the report that the long rise in unemployment compensation payments `` was interrupted for the first time in the week ending Feb. 25 '' . Initial claims for jobless benefits were said to have dropped by 8,100 in the week ending March 4 . Mr. Hodges is so hopeful over the outlook that he doesn't think there will be any need of a cut in income taxes . Well , we can't have everything . Prosperity for the whole nation is certainly preferred to a tax cut . In New Jersey , too New Jersey folk need not be told of the builder's march to the sea , for in a single generation he has parceled and populated miles of our shoreline and presses on to develop the few open spaces that remain . Now the Stone Harbor bird sanctuary , 31 acres of magic attraction for exotic herons , is threatened , but the battlefront extends far beyond our state . Against the dramatic fight being waged for preservation of 30 miles of Cape Cod shoreline , the tiny tract at Stone Harbor may seem unimportant . But Interior Secretary Udall warns that there is a race on between those who would develop our few surviving open shorelines and those who would save them for the enjoyment of all as public preserves . The move for establishment of a national seashore park on 30,000 acres of Cape Cod , from Provincetown to Chatham , is strengthened by President Kennedy's interest in that area . But preservation of the natural beauty of the Cape is of more than regional concern , for the automobile age has made it the recreation spot of people from all over the country . By comparison , Stone Harbor bird sanctuary's allies seem less formidable , for aside from the Audubon Society , they are mostly the snowy , common and cattle egrets and the Louisiana , green , little blue and black-crowned herons who nest and feed there . But there is hope , for Conservation Commissioner Bontempo has tagged the sanctuary as the kind of place the state hopes to include in its program to double its park space . The desirability of preserving such places as the Cape dunes and Stone Harbor sanctuary becomes more apparent every year . Public sentiment for conserving our rich natural heritage is growing . But that heritage is shrinking even faster . No joyride much of the glamor President Kennedy's Peace Corps may have held for some prospective applicants has been removed by Sargent Shriver , the head corpsman . Anybody who is expecting a joyride should , according to Mr. Shriver , get off the train right now . First of all , the recruits will have to undergo arduous schooling . It will be a 16-hour training day . Then off to a remote place in an underdeveloped country where the diet , culture , language and living conditions will be different . And the pay , of course , will be nil . Despite all this , the idea apparently has captured the imagination of countless youths whose parents are probably more surprised by the response than anybody else .
The ladies had not been long in the drawing-room, before the other ladies,
By model, or by shading pencil, drawn. 
     3
The parcel was but loosely folded up, and as the impatient man lifted it,
not seem to listen.
Mrs. Ferrars, not aware of their being Elinor's work,

it me.
practical sense, was whistling for the police at the end of the passage.

Between trying to look scornful and really looking startled,
the mighty iron Leviathan of the modern railway is so familiarly

Gallipagos, is cut by the Equator right in the middle.  Seems to me
His anger, and perhaps, thus far removed, 
The Second Book of Samuel
I left school.  However, I am much happier as I am.

wondrous cistern in the whale's huge head; not the prodigy of his
times, that I have formed it? now have I brought it to pass, that thou
6:11 And such were some of you: but ye are washed, but ye are
33:19 He is chastened also with pain upon his bed, and the multitude
marriage, but are as the angels of God in heaven.
Brutus is Noble, Wise, Valiant, and Honest;
are five men."

from Gospel duty!  Woe to him who seeks to pour oil upon the waters
time.  What a hooroosh aloft there!  I would e'en take it for
the LORD? At the time appointed I will return unto thee, according to
of my mouth.

it be received with thanksgiving: 4:5 For it is sanctified by the word

"I not aware!" said Jane, shaking her head; "dear Mrs. Elton,
3:12 I know that there is no good in them, but for a man to rejoice,
unto Elisha, Ask what I shall do for thee, before I be taken away from
deeps, could he find the torn limbs of his brother?
commodores of this earth, ever stands forth his own inexorable self.
mentioned in the pink paper--that the lord is paying his attentions
   La. A kinde goodnight to all.
inboard again; the third man helplessly dropping astern, but still
though they hide themselves in the top of Carmel, I will search and
23:23 See therefore, and take knowledge of all the lurking places
    of the wren,
19:14 And Lot went out, and spake unto his sons in law, which married
was too late; the little Jackal was out of reach.
he speedily gave her her things for purification, with such things as
See, and then speake your selues: awake, awake,
among yourselves.
Practical, peaceful life, the people's life, the People themselves,
them--even so, Queequeg, for his own private reasons, preferred his
We approach stealthy and silent, I see the mountainous mass,
for the Philistines said, Lest the Hebrews make them swords or spears:
is beyond my comprehension."
to identify the man still more:--as soon as the ceremony
there also, you would see still stranger foot-prints--the foot-prints

The jargon of politeness and gallantry is frequently brought by the silly
     Dr Hood paced the length of his string of apartments, bounded--
sheer delight. Now Buster had reached the Old Pasture just as jolly,
to disturb a solitude so reasonable as what she now sought;
a twelve weeks' allowance, exclusive of his fair proportion of that
Manhattan firemen, the Yankee swap, southern plantation life,
with a kind of compassionate respect, and though she
Jolly Little Sunbeams came dancing across the Green Meadows. He carried
things, in bringing many sons unto glory, to make the captain of their
5:16 And they dwelt in Gilead in Bashan, and in her towns, and in all

person grows, Harriet, the more important it is that their manners
he could be in orders, and consequently before he could
own dressing-room; they had then been joined by a Roman Catholic priest,
10:18 Wherefore then hast thou brought me forth out of the womb? Oh

148:13 Let them praise the name of the LORD: for his name alone is
a pretence make long prayers: these shall receive greater damnation.
31:8 And they slew the kings of Midian, beside the rest of them that
seeing I have a Levite to my priest.
were with him, and smote Gedaliah the son of Ahikam the son of Shaphan
Imbued, bring to their sweetness no satiety. 
Lord, make his paths straight.
"Louisa!" exclaimed Cecilia; "but surely, ma'am, Louisa loves Leonora
comfortable rooms in the Abbey, especially prepared for him by a


32:6 And Moses said unto the children of Gad and to the children of


Wherein God set thee above her made of thee, 
thereof are the ways of death.


still intermittent laughter ended in a kind of yawn.
And that which rather thou do'st feare to doe,
especially of such very large fortune as Mrs. Ferrars,
    them, yet we make little or no account.
in the motor-car.
prairies, which this instant they may be trampling into dust.

Which are not starling. Tender your selfe more dearly;
Threatens his bloody Stage: byth' Clock 'tis Day,
I and my house.
justly; for we receive the due reward of our deeds: but this man hath
and no surname of dignity.
they who are of the valley of Jezreel.
"Who is this Nightingale?" said the Emperor. "Why have I never heard him
1:50 And his mercy is on them that fear him from generation to
"God save you," said the tailor.
shalt be drawn away, and worship other gods, and serve them; 30:18 I
"I have perhaps given her a little more decision of character,
side, round about the camp, and as it were two cubits high upon the
fairy had said.
on a human face.  I could see the librarian's great legs wavering
individualities of the crew, this man's valor, that man's fear; guilt
likes in _him_, because there is so much good-humour with it--but
114:1 When Israel went out of Egypt, the house of Jacob from a people
mates stood at his side with their lances, and the rest of the ship's

he would have lowered a boat to board the stranger, had not the
    Lord of the earth and sea, he bends a slave,
26:33 Peter answered and said unto him, Though all men shall be


expected that we should have sat up till twelve o'clock, talking, and
they were all well.--When had he left them?--Only that morning.

war.
"He wrote a letter to poor Mrs. Weston, to congratulate her,
17:2 And Saul and the men of Israel were gathered together, and
"Very well--and as Randalls, I suppose, is not likely to have less
unto their desired haven.
Contented that thus far hath been revealed 
wall, very dusty.  It was, however, long enough for a man to walk
or what fancied advantage it could be to her, to be
morning.  Those sort of people have so much curiosity.  I'm sure she must
One of Israel draw nigh and come, that we may know it!  5:20 Woe unto
2:21 No man also seweth a piece of new cloth on an old garment: else
because I see you playing at cat's cradle with a little child of six
"Certainly; you must be sensible that the last half-year has made
We own it all and several to-day indissoluble in thee;
assiduous, not for the most amiable."

king."
quite take away their murmurings from me, that they die not.
eternal life.
will say unto him by and by, when he is come from the field, Go and
curious story, that when he sailed the old Categut whaleman, his
fulness of bread, and abundance of idleness was in her and in her
with us last."
And that I fancy, will be the end of it.
all his brethren, they hated him, and could not speak peaceably unto


ornamented her present drawing room; and these screens,
19:16 And, behold, one came and said unto him, Good Master, what good
    them out in case of need,

for a time, with the view of renewing his former acquaintance,
authority over Alice.
vineyards, and make you all captains of thousands, and captains of


Footsore and weary, soon as the light lessens we halt for the night,
84:7 They go from strength to strength, every one of them in Zion
because I would not pass the door without inquiring after Mrs. Bates;
    circumstances be subjected to another State,
make my letter as long as I like.  The Admiral does not seem very ill,

I have written a letter unto you in few words.
44:8 And ye have not kept the charge of mine holy things: but ye have
and a sign to her sister not to follow her, she directly got
which were about thirty persons.
carcase down from the tree, and cast it at the entering of the gate of
came to pass, that if a serpent had bitten any man, when he beheld the
dwelling is not with flesh.
YOU must cross-examine the next witness. It quite makes my forehead
enter ye not: 10:6 But go rather to the lost sheep of the house of
sheep are not, seeth the wolf coming, and leaveth the sheep, and

9:14 And of the Levites; Shemaiah the son of Hasshub, the son of
Not liable to fear, or flight, or pain. 
1:45 So were all those that were numbered of the children of Israel,
   Clo. A pestilence on him for a mad Rogue, a pour'd a
seeking repose within six inches of his ivory heel, such would have
himself after the boy, wig and all?
now.  He was ever dusting his old lexicons and grammars, with a queer
and Lawrence went and bought his nuts.  "It is a good thing," said he to
that they should bring them in and out by tale.

The coming of her sister's family was so very near at hand,
sixteenth day of the first month they made an end.
clothes, and bathe his flesh in water, and afterward come into the
delight in: behold, he shall come, saith the LORD of hosts.
relative proportions in which they are drawn, just as plainly prove
down for me before ever so many fine folks, and have eat his crumbs out
poor bumpkin was restored.  All hands voted Queequeg a noble trump;
receptacle.  Then he said, "May I say a word, your worship?"

merits and prospects a kind of common concern.
from Lachish to king Hezekiah with a great host against Jerusalem. And


The time of life, arming my selfe with patience,
comparatively be called, your justification.  But you have
The beautiful sister we know dances on with the rest.
Far on excursion toward the gates of Hell; 
a league with them, that they heard that they were their neighbours,
mind how hard the metal, blacksmith?"

1:32 And John bare record, saying, I saw the Spirit descending from
that all whalemen who died in Nantucket, were laid in those same dark

5:9 My servants shall bring them down from Lebanon unto the sea: and I
And it is not merely in its follies, that they are well read;
(suggesting a halo that was by no means appropriate to the face),



Woo't weepe? Woo't fight? Woo't teare thy selfe?
32:27 And he said unto him, What is thy name? And he said, Jacob.
drink his blood, ye have no life in you.
blaspheme thy name for ever?

gentlemen could tolerate the prospect of being miserably crowded
his holy habitation; he shall mightily roar upon his habitation; he
people, and thy two sons also, Hophni and Phinehas, are dead, and the
I have been convinced there could not be a more feeling heart nor

   Luc. I was sure your Lordship did not giue it me

not so.  In much the same way do the commonalty lead their leaders in
proper discrimination, was pronounced to be altogether of the
And hazard in the glorious enterprise 

way so satisfactory to her sister.  When Mrs. Jennings
you. Yes, I will swear not to tell the anarchists anything you tell
she wished, and less than she ought!  Why she did not like Jane
you less willing to pardon.  I hope you do not retract what you
back her senses, she found the others still waiting for the carriage,
in the broad morning in the window of a sort of lodge- or
within thee; and they shall not leave in thee one stone upon another;
The other retorted, "You are a dead man."
eateth not, to the Lord he eateth not, and giveth God thanks.
Armageddon."
let's see, what shall he play, Bob?" added he turning to his companion.
     As modern newspapers are conducted, the most honest
Miss B.  Charming woman!  Is she here, pray, sir?
42:20 He measured it by the four sides: it had a wall round about,
3:25 Whom God hath set forth to be a propitiation through faith in his
     "It might be best to go to Arthur after all.  If the thing
When Rossius an Actor in Rome-


were still pink, and in a pattern against the strong blue looked like
10:14 If I sin, then thou markest me, and thou wilt not acquit me from
what he ought to have done himself.  But neither Charles Hayter's feelings,
once, and left the sky pitch-black.
11:4 Riches profit not in the day of wrath: but righteousness
"Yes," said he, smiling.  "You are better placed _here_; very fit

15:22 So Moses brought Israel from the Red sea, and they went out into
rooted for any change in it under a great length of time,
and our oppression?
3:7 And the LORD said, I have surely seen the affliction of my people
minutes; and we have been well employed in admiring your neat garden, and

durst ask him, Who art thou? knowing that it was the Lord.
a very happy match.  There are on both sides good principles
                          Enter LANDLADY.
21:5 His glory is great in thy salvation: honour and majesty hast thou
exertions of loyalty, and dignity of baronet, in the first year
'--or next day, maybe,' the Footman continued in the same tone, exactly
with a loud voice unto the LORD their God.
see how I done set 'em on the doorstep to cool? Well, now, you hear me,
in all the tops of the mountains, and under every green tree, and
worship him.



everlasting: and let all the people say, Amen. Praise ye the LORD.
be not cut off in her iniquity; for this is the time of the LORD's
he sent all the rest of Israel every man unto his tent, and retained
the days of his life.
Lethe, the river of oblivion, rolls 
There was no want of likeness, she had been fortunate in the attitude,

walked in the ways of Jehoshaphat thy father, nor in the ways of Asa
she immediately rose, saying,
of the king of Assyria?  36:19 Where are the gods of Hamath and
ourselves will go ready armed before the children of Israel, until we
Some giants laboured in that cloud to lift it from the world.
benediction, Fleece, and I'll away to my supper."

to his mind than his other servants.  We must, in consideration of his

    wreck at sea,

 Began to cry, but God, ever nigh,
you'll despise me."
   All. Haile King of Scotland.
counsel.
things happening. While she was looking at the place where it had been,
To ours to-day--and we pass on the same.


those three only among her connexions, by whom no syllable,
The four boats were soon on the water; Ahab's in advance, and all
into the midst of Egypt: 11:5 And all the firstborn in the land of
formed parties to visit them, at least, twice every summer
18:19 But it came to pass at the time when Merab Saul's daughter

shall eat blood, neither shall any stranger that sojourneth among you
At about half past one, under a strong blue sky, Turnbull got up
Or theirs whom he redeems; a death, like sleep, 

unto the LORD.
"Perhaps she might; but it is not every man's fate to marry the
the most dangerous men on earth, for he has the brains of a European,
   Laer. And yet 'tis almost 'gainst my conscience
All hands were now called to clear away the supper things, to erect these
bungled; and upon Hardy's asking what he meant, would answer with a
Professor had fallen in love with that particular wax lady. He
to be granted unto you; 3:15 And killed the Prince of life, whom God
Gogol, a man more obviously mad. Next was Wednesday, a certain
 "Oh my children! do they cry,

a great deal of good."
fortnight was over; I shall think of nothing else, I know, till that


a still greater breadth--thus to and fro pacing, beneath his slouched

"God built this island up from the bottom of the world to be a

her beloved Elinor should not be exposed another week
    shuttling at thy sides,

will I trust: he is my shield, and the horn of my salvation, my high
needle, for joy. Presently one little weak child-voice called out,--
both devised and done that which he spake against the inhabitants of
No, she had had enough of interference.  There could be no harm
Dry-eyed behold?  Adam could not, but wept, 

that the harpooneers had headed the sockets of their irons and filled
5:19 To wit, that God was in Christ, reconciling the world unto

Thou shalt abide for me many days; thou shalt not play the harlot, and

gold.
nor faint when thou art rebuked of him: 12:6 For whom the Lord loveth
below the surface of the earth was observed.  Some persons had the
     gross profits you derive calculated using the method you
winnoweth barley to night in the threshingfloor.
about two feet high, and was going on shrinking rapidly: she soon found
"Bell!  Bell!  O, fie! fie!--Now I am ashamed of you; that's quite rude

My captain lash'd fast with his own hands.

Favour unmerited by me, who sought 
host of Israel, and said, Arise; for the LORD hath delivered into your



to be Lady Middleton's mother.  He was silent and grave.
the king. Then they carried him forth out of the city, and stoned him
elephant, so far as some aspects of the tail of the one and the trunk


Be then his love accursed, since love or hate, 
of Egypt came up to fight against Charchemish by Euphrates: and Josiah
115:3 But our God is in the heavens: he hath done whatsoever he hath
diminished dotted boat; and then a swift gleam of bubbling white
There sprang from the sons of Odin a race of men who became mighty kings
I am sure you have, somehow or other, imbibed such a notion.



I am the Sonne of Marcus Cato, hoe.
And debouch to the steady and central from the offspring great or small.
poor fellow!--sad business for him.--She was extremely concerned;
confederate against thee:
3:4 Nicodemus saith unto him, How can a man be born when he is old?
may I forgive myself, but I must go.  Mr. Starbuck, look at the
carried no spare flesh, no superfluous beard, his chin having a soft,
That touches Caesar neerer. Read it great Caesar
Dull, parrot-like and old, with crack'd voice harping, screeching?

of his bones with strong pain: 33:20 So that his life abhorreth bread,
I keepe a Seruant Feed. I will to morrow
They neither liked nor disliked the Old Man . To them he could have been the broken bell in the church tower which rang before and after Mass , and at noon , and at six each evening -- its tone , repetitive , monotonous , never breaking the boredom of the streets . The Old Man was unimportant . Yet if he were not there , they would have missed him , as they would have missed the sounds of bees buzzing against the screen door in early June ; ; or the smell of thick tomato paste -- the ripe smell that was both sweet and sour -- rising up from aluminum trays wrapped in fly-dotted cheesecloth . Or the surging whirling sounds of bats at night , when their black bodies dived into the blackness above and below the amber street lights . Or the bay of female dogs in heat . They never called him by name , although he had one . Filippo Rossi , that's what he was called in the old country ; ; but here he was just Signore or the Old Man . But this was not unusual , because youth in these quarters was always pushed at a distance from its elders . Youth obeyed when commanded . It went to church on Sunday and one Saturday a month went to confession . But youth asked nothing of its parents -- not a touch of the hand or a kiss given in passing . The only thing unusual about the Old Man had long since happened . But the past was dead here as the present was dead . Once the Old Man had had a wife . And once she , too , ignored him . With a tiny fur-piece wrapped around her shoulders , she wiggled her satin-covered buttocks down the street before him and didn't stop . In one hand she clutched a hundred dollar bill and in the other a straw suitcase . The way she strutted down the street , the Old Man would have been blind not to have noticed both . Without looking at him , without looking at anything except Drexel Street directly in front of her , she climbed up into one of those orange streetcars , rode away in it , and never came back . `` But she shouldn't have come here in the first place '' , the women had said . `` No , no . Not that one . She thought she was bigger than we are because she came from Torino '' . `` Eh , Torino ! ! She gave herself fancy airs ! ! Just because she had a part on the stage in the old country , she thought she could carry her head higher than ours '' . They had slapped their thighs . `` It's not for making pretty speeches about Dante those actresses get paid so good '' . `` Henh '' ! ! Calloused fingers , caressed only by the smoothness of polished rosaries , had swayed excitedly beneath puckered chins where tiny black hairs sprouted , never to be tweezed away . Mauve-colored mouths that had never known anything sweeter than the taste of new wine and the passion of man's tongue had not smiled , but had condemned again and again . `` Puttana '' ! ! But if the Old Man even thought about his wife now , nobody cared a fig . It was enough for people to know that at one time he had looked down the street at the fleshy suppleness of a woman he had consumed -- watching her become thinner and thinner in the distance , as thin as the seams on her stockings , and still thinner . His voice had not commanded her to stop . It had not questioned why . The women said they had seen him wave an exhausted farewell ; ; but he might have been shooing away the fleas that hopped from his yellow dog onto him . ( He was never without that dog . ) And his eyes -- those miniature sundials of variegated yellow -- had not altered their expression or direction . The Old Man's very soul could have left him and flown down that street , but he wouldn't have had anyone know it . Perhaps he had known then where that hundred dollar bill had come from and where it was taking his wife . But when he called for his withered , wrinkled sister Rose to care for him and the children , had he guessed that all he would remember of his woman was the memory of her climbing into that streetcar ? ? There seemed to be a contemptuous purpose in the way he sat there with his eyes glued to Drexel Street and his back in opposition to the church behind him . For all he saw or cared to see , this could have been a town in Italy , not the outskirts of Philadelphia . It could have been Bari or Chieti for the way it smelled . What did it matter to him that the park at the foot of Ash Road stretched beneath elevated trains that roared from the stucco station into the city's center at half-hour intervals ? ? Or that the tiny creek spun its silent course toward the Schuylkill ? ? This place was hatred to him , just as hatred was his only companion in his aloneness . To him they were one and the same . Sameness for the Old Man was framed in by a wall of ginkgo trees which divided these quarters from the city . Sameness lined the streets with two-story houses the color of ash . It slashed the sloping manure-scented lawns with concrete steps which climbed upward to white wooden porches . It swayed with the wicker swings and screeched with the rusted hinges of screen doors . Even the stable-garage , which housed nothing now but the scent of rot , had a lawn before it . And the coffee shop on Drexel Street , where the men spent their evenings and Sundays playing cards , had a rose hedge beneath its window . The hedge reeked of coffee dregs thrown against it . Only one house on the street had no lawn before it . It squatted low and square upon the sidewalk with a heavy iron grating supporting a glass facade . That was Bartoli's shop . Above it , from a second-story showroom , wooden angels surveyed the neighborhood . Did the Old Man remember them there ? ? Yet everywhere else sameness was stucco and wood in square blocks -- like fortresses perched against the slant of the hill , rising with the hill to the top where the church was and beyond that to the cemetery . Only paved alleyways tunneled through the walls of those fortresses into the mysterious core of intimacy behind the houses where backyards owned no fences , where one man's property blended with the next to form courtyards in which no one knew privacy . Love and hatred and fear were one here , shaded only by fig trees and grape vines . And the forked tongue of gossip licked its sinister way from back porch to back porch . The Old Man silently fed upon these streets . They kept him alive , waiting . Waiting for what and for whom , only he could tell and would not . It was as though he had made a pact with the devil himself , but it was not yet time to pay the price . He was holding out for something . He was determined to hold out . The Old Man's son threw himself down , belly first , upon a concrete step , taking in the coolness of it , and dreaming of the day he would be rich . At fifteen he didn't care that he had no mother , that he couldn't remember her face or her touch ; ; neither did he care that Aunt Rose provided for him . He was named Pompeii as a tribute to his heritage , and he couldn't have cared less about that either . To him life was a restless boredom that began with the rising sun and ended only with sleep . When he would be a man , he would be a rich man . He would not be like the `` rich Americans '' who lived in white-columned houses on the other side of the park . He would not ride the eight-thirty local to the city each morning . He would not carry a brief case . Nor would he work at all . He would square his shoulders and carry a cane before each step . He would sit inside the coffee shop and pound a gloved fist upon the table and a girl would hear him and come running , bowing with her running , calling out in her bowing , `` At your service '' . He would order her to bring coffee , and would take from his vest pocket a thin black pipe which he would stuff -- he would not remove his gloves -- and light and smoke . He could do that when he would be a man . `` Hey , Laura '' ! ! He called to his sister on the porch above the steps . She was only ten months older than he . `` Laura , what would you say if I smoked a pipe '' ? ? Laura did not answer him . She leaned unconcerned against the broken porch fence , brushing and drying her wet , gilded hair in the sun . One lithe leg straddled the railing and swung loosely before the creaking , torn pales . Her tanned foot , whose arch swept high and white , pointed artfully toward tapering toes -- toes like fingers , whose tips glowed white . All the while she sat there , her sinewy arms swirled before her chest . Her face showed no sign of having heard Pompeii . It was a face that had lost its childlike softness and was beginning to fold within its fragile features a harshness that belied the lyric lines of its contours . The eyes , blue and always somewhat downcast , possessed a sullen quality . Even though the boy could not see them , he knew they were clouded by distance . He was never sure they fully took him in . Pompeii called again , `` Laura '' ! ! But the only answer that reached him was the screeching of the porch rail from her leg moving against it . `` She's in a mood '' , he thought `` There's not a month she doesn't get herself in a mood '' . Well , what did that matter when the sun was shining and there were dreams to dream about ? ? And as for his pipe , if he wanted to smoke one , nobody would stop him . Not even Laura . Suddenly he was interrupted in his daydreaming by a warm wetness lapping against his chin , and his eyes opened wide and long at the sight of a goat's claret tongue , feasting against the salt taste of him . Above the tongue , an aged yellow eye , sallow and time-cast , encrusted within a sphere of marbleized pink skin , stared unfalteringly at him . `` Christ sake , goat , git '' ! ! But the goat would not . `` You're boiling milk , ain't you '' ? ? Soothing it with his hand , knowing the whiskered jowls and the swollen smoothness of teats that wrinkled expectantly to his touch . Pompeii rolled over . His head undulated gradually , covering space , to come straining beneath the taut belly within the warmth of those teats . With his mouth opened wide , he squirted the warm white milk against the roof of his mouth and his tongue savored the light , earthy taste of it . The boy's fingers and mouth operated with the skilled unity of a bagpipe player , pressing and pulling , delighting in what he did . Above him slid the evasive shadow of a storm cloud . Its form was a heavy figure in a fluttering soutane . But the boy could see only the goat's belly . The Old Man near the corner let the shadow pass over him , sensing something portentous in it . He knew it was there , knew also what it was about , but he wouldn't raise a finger except to smooth his yellow dog's back . There would be time enough , perhaps the Old Man reassured himself , to pay the devil his due . Time enough to give up his soul . In the meantime , six sandals , stained an ocher , the same color as Pompeii's shaved hair , edged up close to him . The clapping they made on the concrete interrupted him in the ecstatic pleasure he knew , so that he quickly released his hold on the goat and pretended to be examining its haunches for ticks . He knew at a glance that the biggest sandals belonged to Niobe , the neatest ones to Concetta , and the laced ones to Romeo , Concetta's idiot brother . Pompeii expected Romeo's small body to sink closer and closer to the ground . He expected Concetta's thin hand to reach down to grasp the boy , and her shrill , impetuous voice to sound against the rotundity of his disfigured flesh that was never sure of hearing anything .
First, as I am his Kinsman, and his Subiect,
5:17 And the priest shall take holy water in an earthen vessel; and of
children of Judah were oppressed together: and all that took them
inside it. It was obviously an antique, and it would seem as if
Saw from below what arose and mounted, (O superb! O wild as my
indeed deliver this people into my hand, then I will utterly destroy


truly feminine--was it not?"

and after came Joseph near and Rachel, and they bowed themselves.

brother-in-law, and a spare Bible for the steward--after all this,
same master teaches, it is natural enough.  But for that reason,
remains of the basket, and looking angrily at Rosamond.
Then he went off laughing fit to kill himself. Little Joe couldn't find
"Clothes!" said Syme sardonically. "I have no clothes except
to tempt the Spirit of the Lord? behold, the feet of them which have

the car and faced him.
an entire stranger to their race, you might hunt over these two heads
him for a season.
Things, else by me unsearchable; now heard 



and dissolving of doubts, were found in the same Daniel, whom the king
For I who am curious about each am not curious about God,
came suckingly up--my God! poor Tashtego--like the twin reciprocating
And thrice threefold the gates; three folds were brass, 
and trode them down with ease over against Gibeah toward the
countenance be changed: 5:11 There is a man in thy kingdom, in whom is
God!  how unsearchable are his judgments, and his ways past finding
You sturdy Austrian! you Lombard! Hun! Bohemian! farmer of Styria!

I am sure she will be an excellent servant; and it will be a great

that from his body were brought unto the sick handkerchiefs or aprons,
at this moment really the best copy in England.  I am a
"Poor girl!" exclaimed Rosamond, no longer able to restrain her

43:3 O send out thy light and thy truth: let them lead me; let them
to mend a pen with his jack-knife, old Bildad, to my no small
in the middle of such a heartless immensity, my God! who can tell it?
5:20 And they were helped against them, and the Hagarites were
The sons tried to get him to tell them in what part of the orchard the
From a reverie of this kind, as she sat at her
to be particularly careful, especially at this time of year.
a salad!  I can't eat it, but I'll mix it like an angel!
hath shewed thee, O man, what is good; and what doth the LORD require
12:15 And they shall know that I am the LORD, when I shall scatter
road, giving their opinions to the moon with vague but echoing
Captain Wentworth looked round at her instantly in a way which
without blemish, and six lambs, and a ram: they shall be without


from Jerusalem unto Babylon; 29:5 Build ye houses, and dwell in them;
great God and our Saviour Jesus Christ; 2:14 Who gave himself for us,
the hosts which he had against the cities of Israel, and smote Ijon,
In yonder spring of roses intermixed 
again--I'm sure she will; when she no longer fears me as a rival, she

to me, though most reluctantly, the name of her lover;

Do you see who have left all feudal processes and poems behind them,

and their kings; even Pharaoh, and all them that trust in him: 46:26
soul of five hundred, both of the persons, and of the beeves, and of
is true.
out of Egypt.


    earth, the lands, my lands,

23:18 And her merchandise and her hire shall be holiness to the LORD:
LORD, and do tell them, and cause my people to err by their lies, and
they be pleasing unto him: their sacrifices shall be unto them as the

a small house in Highbury, where most of his leisure days were spent;


to my poor sister, sat to him, and was bringing it home for her;
Baal, and worshipped him, and provoked to anger the LORD God of
mimic you.  This boy said he would not stand by and hear you laughed at;
first beast, whose deadly wound was healed.
    seating himself near, that he may hold me by the hand,
this morning, that one day Miss Walker hinted to her,
silence as any reason for their not meaning to make the present.
Our State to be disioynt, and out of Frame,

Some of the features of the top portions of Figure 1 and Figure 2 were mentioned in discussing Table 1 . First , the Onset Profile spreads across approximately 12 years for boys and 10 years for girls . In contrast , 20 of the 21 lines in the Completion Profile ( excluding center 5 for boys and 4 for girls ) are bunched and extend over a much shorter period , approximately 30 months for boys and 40 months for girls . The Maturity Chart for each sex demonstrates clearly that Onset is a phenomenon of infancy and early childhood whereas Completion is a phenomenon of the later portion of adolescence . Second , for both sexes , the 21 transverse lines in the Onset Profile vary more in individual spread than those in the Completion Profile . Although the standard deviation values on which spread of the lines is based are relatively larger for those centers which begin to ossify early ( Table 1 ) , there are considerable differences in this value between centers having the closely timed Onsets . Third , the process of calcification is seen to begin later and to continue much longer for these boys than for the girls , a fact which confirms data for other groups of children . The Onset Profile and Completion Profile are constructed to serve as norms for children . It is convenient to classify a child's onset ages and completion ages as `` advanced '' , `` moderate '' ( modal ) , or `` delayed '' according to whether the child's age equivalent `` dots '' appeared to the left of , upon , or to the right of the appropriate short transverse line . When a dot appears close to the end of the transverse line , the `` moderate '' rating may be further classified according to the position of the dot with respect to the vertical marking denoting the mean age . Such classifications may be called `` somewhat advanced '' or `` somewhat delayed '' , as the case may be , reserving `` moderate '' for dots upon or close to the mean . In the lower portion of each Chart , the Skeletal Age ( Hand ) of boy 34 and girl 2 may be similarly classified . There the middle one of the three curves denotes `` mean Skeletal Age '' for the Maturity Series boys and girls . The upper curve denotes the mean plus one standard deviation , and the lower curve represents the mean minus one standard deviation . Thus , a child's Skeletal Age `` dots '' may be classified as `` advanced '' when they appear above the middle curve , `` moderate '' when they appear immediately above or below the middle curve , and `` delayed '' when they appear below the lower curve . To summarize the purpose of the Skeletal Maturity Chart : each contains two kinds of skeletal maturity norms which show two quite different methods of depicting developmental level of growth centers . First , the upper portion requires series of films for every child , consisting of those from Hand , Elbow , Shoulder , Knee , and Foot . The lower portion necessitates only films of Hand . Second , the upper portion permits comparison of maturity levels of an equal number of growth centers from the long , short , and round bones of the five regions . The lower portion permits comparison of maturity levels of short and round bones predominantly , since only two long bones are included in Hand and Wrist as a region . Third , the upper portion deals with only two indicators of developmental level , Onset and Completion . The lower portion utilizes the full complement of intermediate maturity indicators of each Hand center as well as their Onset and Completion . Fourth , the two indicators are for the most part widely separated chronologically , with the extensive age gap occurring during childhood for all but one growth center . The lower portion provides a rating at any stage between infancy and adulthood . Onsets , Completions , and Skeletal Ages ( Hand ) of boy 34 and girl 2 may be directly compared and classified , using only those Skeletal Ages which appear immediately below the Onset Profile and the Completion Profile . It may be assumed that differences in ratings due to selection of growth centers from specific regions of the body will be small , according to existing tables of onset age and completion age for centers throughout the body . Accordingly , maturity level ratings by means of the upper portion and lower portion of the Chart , respectively , should be somewhat similar since Skeletal Age assessments are dependent upon Onsets during infancy and upon Completions during adolescence . It is clear that there are some differences in the ratings , but there is substantial agreement . Since a Skeletal Age rating can be made at any age during growth , from Elbow , Shoulder , Knee , or Foot as well as Hand , it seems to be the method of choice when one wishes to study most aspects of skeletal developmental progress during childhood . As stated earlier in the paper , Onsets and Completions -- particularly the former -- provide a different tool or indicator of expectancy in osseous development , each within a limited age period . Such an indicator , or indicators , are needed as means of recognizing specific periods of delay in skeletal developmental progress . It was stated earlier that one purpose of this study was to extend the analysis of variability of Onset and Completion in each of the 21 growth centers somewhat beyond that provided by the data in Tables 1 and 2 . As one approach to doing this , Figures 3 and 4 have be constructed from the mean ages and the individual onset and completion ages for boy 34 and girl 2 . The differences between onset age and completion age with respect to the corresponding mean age have been brought into juxtaposition by means of a series of arrows . The data for boy 34 appear in Figure 3 , and for girl 2 in Figure 4 . The numbering system used in Tables 1 and 2 and Figures 1 and 2 was continued for the 21 growth centers . The `` dot '' on one end of each arrow indicates extent of difference in months between the child's onset age and the corresponding mean age for the growth center . The `` tip '' of the arrow represents extent of difference between the child's completion age and the corresponding mean age for the growth center . Thus , the alignment of the `` dots '' and `` tips '' , respectively , indicate individual variability of the 21 growth centers of each child with respect to the mean values for these boys and girls . The direction in which the arrow points shows how the maturity level of the growth center was changed at Completion from the level at Onset . When the `` dot '' and `` tip '' coincide , the classification used in this paper is `` Same schedule '' . The length of the arrow indicates amount of slowing or acceleration at Completion over that at Onset , and the difference in months can be read roughly by referring the arrow to the age scale along the base of each figure , or more precisely by referring to the original data in the appropriate tables . The difference between the sequence of Onset of ossification for the sexes governs the numbering sequence in Figures 3 and 4 . This difference is readily clarified by referring to Table 1 . For example , arrow 17 in Figure 3 portrays the proximal radial epiphysis for boy 34 , whereas the same epiphysis for girl 2 is portrayed by arrow 18 in Figure 4 . For the boy , this epiphysis was markedly delayed at Onset but near the mean at Completion . Thus , the Span of its ossification was shortened and the center's ability to `` catch up '' in ossification is demonstrated . In contrast , for the girl the epiphysis was slightly advanced at Onset and delayed at Completion . Obviously , the slowing for her may have occurred at any point between Onset and Completion . The Skeletal Age curve in the lower portion of Figure 2 shows that slowing may have occurred for her during the prepubescent period . Length of the shaft of these arrows may be evaluated according to the standard deviation values for each center in Table 1 . We have attempted to simplify the extensive task of analyzing onset ages and completion ages of each child -- more than 1700 values for the entire group -- by constructing figures for each of the 21 centers so that the data for all 34 boys and 34 of the girls will appear together for each growth center . Figures 5 and 6 are examples of our method of analyzing the results for each growth center . Forty other figures similar to 5 and 6 and the original data used in the construction of all figures and tables in this monograph have been included in the Appendix . The principles used in making each arrow for Figures 3 and 4 were applied to the construction of Figures 5 and 6 as well as all figures in the Appendix . One growth center in a short bone -- distal phalanx of the second finger -- was chosen as an example for discussion here , primarily because epiphyseal-diaphyseal fusion , the maturity indicator for Completion in long and short bones , occurs in this center for girls near the menarche and for boys near their comparable pubescent stage . Its Completion thus becomes one of the convenient maturity indicators to include in studies of growth , dietary patterns , and health during adolescence . The following summary , based on Figures 5 and 6 , is an example of one way of interpreting the 42 figures constructed from onset ages and completion ages of individual children with respect to the appropriate mean age for each growth center . At the top of Figure 5 , for example , the Onset range and Completion range lines for the chosen growth center have been drawn for girls according to their mean and standard deviation values in Table 1 . The 34 arrows , denoting onset age plus completion age deviations , have been arrayed in an Onset sequence which begins with girl 18 who had the earliest Onset of the 34 girls . The growth center depicted here , in the distal phalanx of the second finger , is listed as the fifth of those in the seven short bones . The mean onset age was 25.3 months ( Table 1 ) , and the average Span of the osseous stage was 133 months . The correlation ( Table 2 ) between onset age and completion age was -.50 , and that between onset age and Span was -.10 . With due consideration for the limits of precision in assessing , expected rate of change in ossification of girls age 2 years , and the known variations in rate of ossification of these children as described in our preceding paper in the Supplement , each arrow with a `` shaft length '' of four months or less was selected as indicating `` same schedule '' at Onset and Completion , for this particular epiphysis . Accordingly , girls 31 , 29 , 33 , 21 , 26 , 13 , 3 , 4 , 14 , 32 , 24 , 25 , 34 , 23 , 6 , 15 , 22 , and 16 may be said to have the `` same schedule '' at Onset and Completion . It seems clear , from the counter-balanced shape of the series of arrows in Figure 5 that there was about an equal number of early and late Onsets and Completions for the 34 girls . Accordingly , if epiphyseal-diaphyseal fusion occurs in this phalanx near menarche , early and late menarches might have been forecast rather precisely at the time of Onset of ossification for the 18 girls with `` same schedule '' . As an example of the interpretation of an arrow in the figure which exceeds four months in shaft length in conjunction with its position in the figure : girl 2 had a delayed Onset and further delayed Completion . It is of interest that her menarche was somewhat later than the average for the girls in this group . A similar analysis of Figure 6 for the 34 boys would necessitate quite a different conclusion about the predictive value of onset age in forecasting their attainment of the pubescent stage . Boys 32 , 23 , 31 , 17 , 30 , 19 , and 24 had `` same schedule '' at Onset and Completion ; ; thus early forecasting of the pubescent stage would appear possible for only seven boys . Boy 34 , like girl 2 , did not have `` same schedule '' ; ; his arrow crosses the line denoting the mean . The `` dot '' on his arrow indicates early Onset and the `` tip '' indicates relatively later Completion . After the 42 figures had been drawn like Figures 5 and 6 , classifications of the onset ages and completion ages were summarized from them .
Enter Macbeth, Banquo, Rosse, and Angus.
know, are to meet at the Ostrich at twelve, and the race to begin at one,
pitch, I could not get near you.  I don't know what has taken him out of
made him a booth, and sat under it in the shadow, till he might see
"Quite wrong, my dear aunt; there is no likeness at all."
2:23  Which things have indeed a shew of wisdom in will worship, and

8:56 Your father Abraham rejoiced to see my day: and he saw it, and

Wants her fit vessels pure; then strows the ground 

of the year, in the tenth day of the month, in the fourteenth year

Indeed, brother, your anxiety for our welfare and prosperity
Jedaiah, Nethaneel.

LORD commanded Moses, so did the children of Israel.

possessed with devils: and he cast out the spirits with his word, and
     The great banker nodded with an odd air of business assent,

earth up like that. Margery leaned down and looked with all her eyes at

Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob.




    of his middle age?

crimson of its sunset were not in the shapeless clouds but in
Hee's loued of the distracted multitude,
    from the wharves,

for much to have been done, even had his time been longer.--He had
in connections, and probably inferior in fortune to herself.
energy towards the wood. The others gave one glance over their
introduced to them! and Mr Elliot so anxious that he should!"
in the heyday of youth.  Anne presumed, however, still to smile about it,
69:11 I made sackcloth also my garment; and I became a proverb to
Behold also, the gallows fifty cubits high, which Haman had made for
I do not snivel that snivel the world over,
27:4 And thou shalt make for it a grate of network of brass; and upon
the slightest inclination for thinking of any body else, when a letter

pursued in the Indian ocean, on the Brazil Banks, on the Nor' West
25:24 And thou shalt overlay it with pure gold, and make thereto a

 
that he did, and the children crying in the temple, and saying,
I see the burial-cairns of Scandinavian warriors,
his fan and gloves--that is, if I can find them.' As she said this, she
frantic gestures from her cuffs, and throwing the fragments into her
30:15 And she said unto her, Is it a small matter that thou hast taken
19:24 And the fifth lot came out for the tribe of the children of
23:9 When the host goeth forth against thine enemies, then keep thee
Shall it not greeue thee deerer then thy death,
Joshua pitch in Gilgal.
heads all round; meanwhile ruefully glancing from the whale to the
Lord GOD.
At last, one day, Elsa's husband went away quite cross; he said to her,
Though as affectionate as ever, he still seemed cast down; and before
Electors, so these cabin meals were somehow solemn meals, eaten in
perils of the grand fishery, yet they have nothing like a fixed,
Once she did contrive to push him away, but the boy had
as a sign that I am to shed it."
much less to any natural deficiency, than to the misfortune
send him to my father's house: 16:28 For I have five brethren; that he

So the Tortoise was sent for.
because her real situation was unknown.  But that it was so,
cause Jerusalem to know her abominations, 16:3 And say, Thus saith the
go there again with them in the autumn.  It was settled that they

"I dare say it's the sort of face that grows on one," said the

garden: (now the Chaldees were against the city round about:) and the
Anne felt persuaded, by the looks of the two girls, that it was precisely
    Why, I do it again and again.'
will ye save the souls alive that come unto you?  13:19 And will ye

       "I'll be
sure he could never come to good after.
certainly should not have intruded on you in such a manner;
And then, to prevent farther outrage and indignation, changed the
the right frame of mind. I think you might almost join us."


of both, he naturally expected that one or two interviews
of berries, he had been very sure that it was one of the cows or young

of the matter as they drew near the Fulham house, a tenement

and tell him, Thus saith the LORD; Behold, I will give this city into
was the sin offering for the people, and slew it, and offered it for
against Libnah: for he had heard that he was departed from Lachish.
To the new culminating man, to you, the empire new,
earth, which shall be diverse from all kingdoms, and shall devour the
from it: 14:14 Though these three men, Noah, Daniel, and Job, were in

     "Yes, my lord."
in a darkness of leaves.
high places, as did the heathen whom the LORD carried away before
in general they are so spoilt!  It is a pity you cannot put your sister
She was now in perfect charity with Frank Churchill; she wanted
of Jacob, and the sweet psalmist of Israel, said, 23:2 The Spirit of
Of Fantasie, of Dreames, and Ceremonies:
day, as the king bade, saying, Come again to me on the third day.
'I'm sure I'm not Ada,' she said, 'for her hair goes in such long
"Nantucket market!  Hoot!  But come closer, Starbuck; thou requirest
Arthur Somers, the NEW MAN, did not suit him, and he began to be rather
Of his adorers: He, to be avenged, 

gentleman, with a brimstone belly, doubtless got by scraping along

The beauty of all adventurous and daring persons,
As I walked away, I was full of thoughtfulness; what had been
36:24 For I will take you from among the heathen, and gather you out

Romance of the Forest, nor The Children of the Abbey.  He had never
The awl and knee-strap, the pint measure and quart measure, the
the full flush of sunset seemed coloured like a sunset cloud.
Venerable priestly Asia sails this day with thee,
And being prostrate, thus he bad me say:

"Oh! Oh!" cried Chatterer, and ran out to the very tip of the little
Their universal shout, and high applause, 
recorder, to Hezekiah with their clothes rent, and told him the words

8:52 And all wept, and bewailed her: but he said, Weep not; she is not
Why should we in our peeuish Opposition
fetching the Commodore's craft such a thwack, that with all his pumps
Hath op'd his ponderous and Marble iawes,
    distilling, sign-painting, lime-burning, cotton-picking,



6:10 The LORD therefore hath performed his word that he hath spoken:
an ephah of flour: the flesh he put in a basket, and he put the broth
 Graze after thee, and weep.
in short gives exactly the idea--and the proportions must

on a mode of conduct which they know to be wrong, they feel
14:5 There were they in great fear: for God is in the generation of
until I dashed it against a window; and fell rather than jumped
Then most, when most irregular they seem; 
some degree of emptiness was natural; first because the snow-storm
I see the wife misused by her husband, I see the treacherous seducer
in righteousness; and the nations shall bless themselves in him, and
  Osr. Yong Fortinbras, with conquest come fro[m] Poland
husbands and their children: your mother was an Hittite, and your
11:29 Then the Spirit of the LORD came upon Jephthah, and he passed
a man.
O rising stars!
the land of Canaan.
movement on the part of the whale struck under such circumstances, is
11:37 And as he spake, a certain Pharisee besought him to dine with
my daughter? And she told her all that the man had done to her.
have heard me mention; I can only recollect the first stanza;
me: because I live, ye shall live also.
sharks, swarming round the dead leviathan, smackingly feasted on its

some queer crotchets no ways touching the grand belief; in THAT we
for me.  I behaved shamefully.  And here I can admit, that my manners
Arm'd knights go forth to redress wrongs, some in quest of the holy Graal;
14:15 And when one of them that sat at meat with him heard these
Moses once more his potent rod extends 

as possible."
It was far down the afternoon; and when all the spearings of the


before the tabernacle of the congregation eastward, shall be Moses,
full of tears, caught hers.  Louisa silently let go her companion's hand,
and was prevented even from wishing it removed,




A hundred years hence, or ever so many hundred years hence, others
10:21 Ye cannot drink the cup of the Lord, and the cup of devils: ye
ignorantly, when he sinneth by ignorance before the LORD, to make an
ridicule, if he listened to the gipsy.
like it of all things," was not plainer in words than manner.
believe.  (Aloud.) A good morning to you, ladies.
the heart the spirit is broken.
who, now as pale as ashes and trembling in every limb, sank down upon his
the LORD our God; lest he fall upon us with pestilence, or with the
chance go, without using my boat-hatchet and jack-knife, and breaking
I have dream'd that heroes and good-doers shall be under the present

34:13 And thorns shall come up in her palaces, nettles and brambles in

Her exertions did not stop here; for she soon
My labour will sustain me; and, lest cold 
33:34 And they removed from Jotbathah, and encamped at Ebronah.
30:26 And when David came to Ziklag, he sent of the spoil unto the

Egypt.
people go up; but let about two or three thousand men go up and smite
wings of the wind.

during the whole of it.  Mrs. Jennings, knowing nothing
What Hands are here? hah: they pluck out mine Eyes.
up any stray letter near him, how beautifully Emma had written it.
night I've been sailing from him, wherever he did sink to.  Aye, aye,


and plant gardens, and eat the fruit of them; 29:6 Take ye wives, and
Aaron:
whither he himself would come.

"Different! no," cried Frederick--"could, would, should, might, and
make him unjust to the merit of another.
Draw close, but speak not.
passed the danger; and by once afterwards judiciously putting out
widows and those orphans.  The seven hundred and seventy-seventh lay,

times would have to be represented by some ruder symbol.  Every
Wherein have we robbed thee? In tithes and offerings.
Land of unprecedented faith, God's faith,
The pleasures of heaven are with me and the pains of hell are with me,
river Kishon. O my soul, thou hast trodden down strength.

VISITS BY BOATS' CREWS; THE TWO CAPTAINS REMAINING, FOR THE TIME, ON
48:2 And one told Jacob, and said, Behold, thy son Joseph cometh unto
about us!  But WHAT is this lesson that the book of Jonah teaches?
     They both started as if guiltily, and Cutler said sharply:
who depended upon the gipsy oracle.
[Stories to Tell to Children by Sara Cone Bryant 1918] 
Persia, to give us a reviving, to set up the house of our God, and to
the evil.
I found a milk-can--and the man with the twisted nose.  The milk-can
frame, and start not so wildely from my affayre

that meat forty days and forty nights unto Horeb the mount of God.
the irresponsible ferociousness of the creature stands invested in
elephant is not made by God that could run away with him if he
us the halfpence? and could not we bring them all to you?  Do, pray, dear
was reckoned to Benjamin.
in my own family."


rather apart with Captain Benwick; and a very good impulse
'No, please go on!' Alice said very humbly; 'I won't interrupt again. I
but he was quickly brought back to his senses by his opponent's
And anger wouldst resent the offered wrong, 
ran to call her brother, and to their great joy, they now saw four
"Oh, my guinea-hen! my pretty guinea-hen!" cried Susan, as they hunted
7:9 The children of Shephatiah, three hundred seventy and two.
in the thronged thoroughfares of Constantinople?  Yes.  For the
3:2 And these are the names of the sons of Aaron; Nadab the firstborn,
pointing out how dreary, how inhuman, how downright diabolist,
Jerahmeelites, and to them which were in the cities of the Kenites,
As down the stage again,
enemies than of their officers.  Thus the drainage in our cities
16:6 Though I speak, my grief is not asswaged: and though I forbear,
that it _had_; that it would not have been so resolutely encountered
34:4 Let us choose to us judgment: let us know among ourselves what is
the living--it is about two hundred a-year--were much
important for speech.  Turnbull eyed the coast curiously for a
whales, influenced by some views to safety, now swim the seas in
snapped, as both jaws, like an enormous shears, sliding further aft,
on as the most suitable period for its accomplishment.


"And suppose I don't like him?" said Turnbull.
8:12 But the children of the kingdom shall be cast out into outer

hosts, which he shaketh over it.
withereth the grass, and the flower thereof falleth, and the grace of
[Paradise Lost by John Milton 1667] 
1:4 I rejoiced greatly that I found of thy children walking in truth,
basket of ribs which once enclosed his vitals.

already--how much does that make?  I must add, I believe, one other
rebels.  It is all that was ever lost by insolence and overwhelmed
29:15 I was eyes to the blind, and feet was I to the lame.
No wonder, fallen such a pernicious height!" 
To whom our general ancestor replied. 
105:36 He smote also all the firstborn in their land, the chief of all
Of some irriguous valley spread her store, 

Lo! from deeps more unfathomable, something more deadly and savage,

further the details of our project, now that the spy has left us?"
The Origin and Commencement of this greefe
Benjamite; 2:6 Who had been carried away from Jerusalem with the
14:1 So Abijah slept with his fathers, and they buried him in the city


lasciviousness which they have committed.
wrongfully; help thou me.
thoughtfully for a few moments, after which he said, with a sort

the better for it.  I must confess it is a recommendation to me.
31:24 She maketh fine linen, and selleth it; and delivereth girdles
"Oh! no, that is clear enough.  One can guess what will happen there.
caught.
blinded his eyes.
forgotten.
Solomon my son, whom alone God hath chosen, is yet young and tender,
I venture upon, that it will not greatly surprise me if,
"Very likely," said Mr. Gresham, soberly; "but what then?"

According to the invariable usage of the fishery, the whale-boat
I did not need to summon much of my impudence to sit down at
Geshur? it had been good for me to have been there still: now

answering said unto them, Thou sayest it.
14:25 And in the fourth watch of the night Jesus went unto them,
your orderly shelves.  Is it you, Susan, who keeps these things in such
She wondered that Lucy's spirits could be so very much

said the reverend gentleman with rapidity.  "Didn't you see it all
perform your vows.
in the desert!

Exeunt.

1:20 And I said unto you, Ye are come unto the mountain of the
7:1 Know ye not, brethren, (for I speak to them that know the law,)
a little time had passed, and Mr. Churchill could be reconciled
stay; there is something of more consequence than your twelve buns.  I

in thy way.
20:4 For thus saith the LORD, Behold, I will make thee a terror to
he reserveth unto us the appointed weeks of the harvest.
yoked war-canoes, the Lakeman laughed him to scorn; assuring him that
appointed unto him by God.
III. SOME OLD CURIOSITIES
Or memorize another Golgotha,
38:24 All the gold that was occupied for the work in all the work of
pride of all glory, and to bring into contempt all the honourable of

11:31 These are unclean to you among all that creep: whosoever doth






13:20 Neither did Jeroboam recover strength again in the days of
74:12 For God is my King of old, working salvation in the midst of the
Harriet and the gipsies, and still tenaciously setting her right
78:51 And smote all the firstborn in Egypt; the chief of their
All things to Man's delightful use; the roof 


will cover thee with my hand while I pass by: 33:23 And I will take
Sheba, the son of Bichri, a Benjamite: and he blew a trumpet, and
Brandon's injuries and merits, warm as friendship

enquiries on so prohibited a subject, but conclude him
"Yes, France!" said Turnbull, and all the rhetorical part of him
and Asahel.
near shall fall by the sword; and he that remaineth and is besieged
Oh most pernicious woman!
build; it shall not be a burden upon your shoulders: serve now the
You would hardly think, would you, that a poor woman who worked in a
strength among the people.
3:19 But he himself turned again from the quarries that were by

3:14 But continue thou in the things which thou hast learned and hast
said Alice: 'three inches is such a wretched height to be.'
to say good-bye to a thing so every way brimful of every interest to
your enemies: let not your hearts faint, fear not, and do not tremble,



Among the trees on isles and woody shores. 
_dogmas_, you know!"
"Nay, but hear me," cried Susan; "let me at least come in to look for its
hookah into its mouth and began smoking again.
upon his forehead, and which had rendered him impenetrably silent to his
thyself, lest thou also be tempted.
of a very ancient family--and that the Eltons were nobody.
"Thank you, dear Miss Woodhouse.  Yes, indeed, there is every thing
in a star of crystal upon the carpet.  A few feet from it lay
32:25 And the children of Gad and the children of Reuben spake unto
of inferior birth.
  Ham. By and by, is easily said. Leaue me Friends:

than before, directly ran over the contents of all.
Jehoshaphat, and Jehoram, and Ahaziah, his fathers, kings of Judah,

My poor little girl would be sadly disappointed, I know,
Who doth desire to see you

Dear Miss Elliot, may I not say father and son?"
three or four weeks were worse than all.  Well, at last,
Nights themselves.  The innermost room of all was like the inside
44:23 Awake, why sleepest thou, O Lord? arise, cast us not off for


    affectionate, compassionate, fully arm'd.
players.  Possibly, too, Jonah might have ensconced himself in a
not to be kept away from her sister an unnecessary instant.
of Israel blessed God, and did not intend to go up against them in
you dare!  The next time I set my foot in this house, you shall be as
9:10 Therefore said they unto him, How were thine eyes opened?  9:11
3:7 And the eyes of them both were opened, and they knew that they

suburbs, and Anem with her suburbs: 6:74 And out of the tribe of
Watering the ground, and with their sighs the air 

in the neighbourhood worsting, and the rapid increase of the crow's foot
"Make a light, old Moon," he said; "I want the people to see me!"
language--that man makes one in a whole nation's census--a mighty
persecutions; and in the world to come eternal life.

"Wanted for what?" asked the young man, accepting the monstrous
March Hare.
Mr. Knightley and Harriet Smith!--It was a union to distance every
As if a phantom caress'd me,

81:11 But my people would not hearken to my voice; and Israel would
"Upon my word," exclaimed Emma, "you amuse me!  I should like to know
tried to fight each other something has stopped us.  Whenever we
number of her gowns altogether with better judgment than
I will be more to you than to any of the rest.
spirit, that they may add sin to sin: 30:2 That walk to go down into
he should put all his powerful enemies on the Supreme Council, and
hath: for he is the beginning of his strength; the right of the

Cox, an alehouse keeper, who did not bear a very good character.
  Ham. Nay I know not, is it the King?



O glorious trial of exceeding love, 
16:2 And the first went, and poured out his vial upon the earth; and
Triumphant through mid Heaven, into the courts 
25:17 Then took I the cup at the LORD's hand, and made all the nations
overflow with wine and oil.
19:35 And it came to pass that night, that the angel of the LORD went

The tedious day with sleepe

10:31 Madmenah is removed; the inhabitants of Gebim gather themselves
do sigh.
Her start was perceptible only to herself; but she instantly felt that
canal tapers in size, but for a considerable distance remains of
a grey glint from the dreary window behind, which showed the black trees


"you who are such a judge, and write so beautifully yourself.
     Child:

Miss Burs.  Nay, why do you decamp, Mrs. Talbot?  I 'ad a thousand things
done me a considerable service; you won't mind drawing your men a
I saw the face of the most smear'd and slobbering idiot they had at
Appearing and disappearing.
Naphtali shall be Ahira the son of Enan.
Looke where he goes euen now out at the Portall.
being posted at the mizen-mast-head, stood directly behind Ahab,


of them might have felt before; these were not only now kept out of
Labour, as to debar us when we need 
Father Brown turned again to the seeming lunatic grubbing about

marked, through several hours of daylight, then, when night obscures
another visit, another conversation, was always wanted
volcano, was overwhelmed by the streams of lava which poured into it,
most satisfactory.  I say, just wring out my jacket skirts, will ye?
his own soul.
"You will be inside the building in three minutes," he said, with

and a very respectable vicar of Highbury, but not at all likely
Enter the Ghost of Caesar.

have rule over princes.
20:22 And when he had said this, he breathed on them, and saith unto
remove the remains of your original forehead and some portion of
7:38 He that believeth on me, as the scripture hath said, out of his
she should like to know who he was.
That neither Harville nor his wife entertained a doubt of our
a pike-staff--and as menacing.  His vivid black eyes rolled volcanically,
And each with musing soul retire to celebrate,


slumbering helmsman.  The waves, too, nodded their indolent crests;
"I wonder he did not remember the book"--was all Harriet's answer,
I know very well I could not.
Who out of smallest things could, without end, 
2:39 For the promise is unto you, and to your children, and to all
equity; yea, every good path.

too much oppressed by a crowd of ideas, widely differing in
over one of the larger vertebrae, and is, therefore, in some sort,

Pharaoh king of Egypt, to bring the children of Israel out of the land



been extended through her family?  But this was a vain idea.
Salmon.
them who are under the law: that every mouth may be stopped, and all

the LORD, thou, and they, and Aaron, to morrow: 16:17 And take every
ark of the LORD: which stone remaineth unto this day in the field of
4:8  Whom I have sent unto you for the same purpose, that he might know
Exits. The
impudent way.  Wickedness is always wickedness, but folly is not
Emma watched her through the fluctuations of this speech,
attitude, the Sperm Whale's mouth is buried at least eight feet
somebody else."
This time Alice waited patiently until it chose to speak again. In


16:29 Then he called for a light, and sprang in, and came trembling,
All the limitless sweet love and precious suffering of mothers,

trading-ship Dey of Algiers, I was invited to spend part of the
And what are Gods, that Man may not become 
Your mystic roll entire of unknown names, or North or South,
answered nothing.

It was mere lively chat, such as any young persons, on an intimate footing,
119:43 And take not the word of truth utterly out of my mouth; for I
thy law.
fortnight, and am not I two guineas short; and where am I to get two
The dog, now alarmed by the voices, began to bark outrageously.  Tom was
round about the camp.
day scholars.  Amongst these, Fisher was distinguished by his knowledge

It is a dreadful thing to have you forced to live there! so far off!--
from the east side unto the west side: and the sanctuary shall be in
Turnbull had expected him to ask what place was the headquarters


41:23 Shew the things that are to come hereafter, that we may know
3:3 And he came into all the country about Jordan, preaching the
sculptures.  For ever since those inventive but unscrupulous times
the sanctuary of the LORD shall be in the midst thereof.
you up out of the affliction of Egypt unto the land of the Canaanites,
stood up suddenly in the swaying car.
He proceeded a little farther, reading to himself; and then,
said Marianne.  "A family cannot well be maintained on
Jehoshaphat: for there will I sit to judge all the heathen round
The Clod of Clay heard the Worms voice & rais'd her pitying head:
saints; even of the children of Israel, a people near unto him. Praise
thine heart: wait, I say, on the LORD.
frock; and accordingly, at dressing time, her maid brought it to her,

intermission.
also prevail: go out, and do even so.
finger VERY deeply with a knife, it usually bleeds; and she had never
bore down all the wishes of her father and mother for putting it off
"Do you ?" he asked.
And now I am willing to disregard burial-places and dispense with them,
Again, sailing in my coaster on deck, I coast off Georgia, I coast
Jehozabad the second, Joah the third, and Sacar the fourth, and
is not probable that I should soon have the pleasure
Thou orb aloft full-dazzling! thou hot October noon!
garment of fine linen and purple: and the city of Shushan rejoiced and

present with that confidence, wherewith I think to be bold against
possibly be instinct, in all parts, with the same sort of life that
}  A Noiseless Patient Spider

the air.  "There she blows!--there she blows!  A hump like a
"I shall not attempt it.  I have no wish to be


  Pol. What do you thinke of me?
Thine euermore most deere Lady, whilst this

has to do, and all that it does so well, it is really astonishing!"
thy camels drink also: let the same be she that thou hast appointed
You would not think it perhaps, but Marianne WAS remarkably
had prevailed.  Jane, don't you remember grandmama's telling us
manner not wholly common in conversations through that aperture.
You should be satisfied
on castors like gouty old aldermen in patent chairs.  And as for a
26:8 But when his disciples saw it, they had indignation, saying, To
went to jabbering the best we could about the various outer sights to
disciples do that which is not lawful to do upon the sabbath day.
for ever with all the new poems and states of the nation that come out.
To act in safetie. There is none but he,

on, which made me forget my clean apron, when I came out; and this apron-
never cared whether she were dead or alive, but as your friend.
In the wide womb of uncreated Night, 
she had great hopes that, by some means or other, it would be possible to
reverent, pious old blasphemer.  No, you are not dreaming--you are
109:16 Because that he remembered not to shew mercy, but persecuted
do in the land, which the LORD God of thy fathers giveth thee to
31:33 And Laban went into Jacob's tent, and into Leah's tent, and into

38:4 Then came the word of the LORD to Isaiah, saying, 38:5 Go, and
from Patty, that William said it was all the apples of _that_ sort
presumed average rate of progression every hour.  It had been thus
And here you are the mothers' laps.
Lord?  And he said unto him, Thy prayers and thine alms are come up
without any design that would bear investigation.
With horror, the prince felt himself being transformed into a monster.

thee; thou art my servant: O Israel, thou shalt not be forgotten of

about without regard.  Emma waited the result with impatience,

trodden down, and the fowls of the air devoured it.
tabernacle of the congregation, saying, 27:3 Our father died in the
Through your Dominions, for his Enterprize,
not win the prize, how shall I confess what I have done?  How shall I beg
so much of late on these subjects, who must have been so deep

artificialness of sea-usages, that while in the open air of the deck
of air; for, remember, he has no gills.  How is this?  Between his

and therefore, to make it easier to him, as he declared



ma'm, is Mr. Saul's rich satin bag, covered with gold net.  He is college
by any enquiry after his rival; and at length, by way
help meet for him.

Where late the Diadem stood, and for a Robe
    and science,
he was stopped on the way by a portly sperm whale, that begged a few
the matter, the two great principles laid down in the twin whaling
}  We Two Boys Together Clinging
son, and laid him on the altar upon the wood.
like to have had the power of refusal; and afterwards, as the idea
to give away sixpence of it; and nobody is afraid of her:  that is a
eternal fire.
intensest concentrated whisper to his men; while the sharp fixed
Sovran of creatures, universal Dame! 
Canaanites that inhabited Zephath, and utterly destroyed it. And the
everybody."
the foundation thereof even until now.
answered most satisfactorily.  When this was over, Mr. Woodhouse
hewed stones, sawed with saws, within and without, even from the
that divine lies: they shall not be in the assembly of my people,
and it was, "How do you like my gown?--How do you like my trimming?--

from the name bestowed upon the harem itself, but some have surmised
to Father Brown, was largely mixed with admiration.  "It was like him
Th' Vsurpers cursed head: the time is free:
evil in the sight of the LORD thy God, to provoke him to anger: 4:26 I
Miss Woodhouse, every summer?"
heaven and in earth, who hath delivered Daniel from the power of the
name was not wanting.  _Miss_ _Woodhouse_ appeared more than once,
natural manner.
cave, and a stone lay upon it.

For he never means to swallow a single limb; he only thinks to
names of the twelve apostles of the Lamb.
His son watched until he got as far as the hall , almost out of sight , then hurried after . `` Dad . Dad , wait '' . He caught up with the old man in the living room . Old man Arthur had put down the suitcase to open the front door . `` Just this one favor , Dad . Just don't tell Ferguson that crazy opinion of yours '' . `` Why not '' ? ? The old man gave the room a stare in leaving ; ; under the scraggly brows the pale old eyes burned with a bitter memory . `` It's the truth '' . `` The Bartlett girl was killed by Mr. Dronk's son . Rossi and Ferguson have been across the street , talking to the kid . They've found some sort of new evidence , a bundle of clothes or something , and it must link the kid even stronger to the crime . Why won't you accept facts ? ? The two kids were together a lot , they were having some kind of teen-age affair -- God knows how far that had gone -- and the kid's crippled . He limps , and the man who hit you and took the cane , he limped . My God , how much more do you want '' ? ? His father looked him over closely . `` You sound like an old woman . You should have gone to work today , 'stead of sneaking around spying on the Dronk house '' . `` Now , see here '' -- `` The trouble with you '' , old man Arthur began , and then checked himself . Young Mrs. Arthur had opened the oven and there was a drifting odor of hot biscuits . The old man opened the door and stepped out into the sunlight . `` Isn't enough time to go into it '' , he finished , and slammed the door in his son's face . Mrs. Holden turned from the window draperies . `` They found something else up there '' , she said half-aloud to the empty room . `` They took it away , overalls or something '' . She walked restlessly across the room , then back to the windows . `` Now they've gone , they didn't come back , and they didn't arrest that Dronk boy '' . She stood frowning and chewing her lip . She was wearing a brown cotton dress , cut across the hips in a way that was supposed to make her look slimmer , a yoke set into the skirt and flaring pleats below . She smoothed the skirt , sat down , then stood up and went back to the windows . `` Why on earth did I send him off to work ? ? There was excuse enough to keep him home that young Mr. Arthur's still over there '' . With sudden energy , she went to the phone and rang Holden's office and asked for him . `` I think you had better come home '' . `` Mae , we're so busy . Mr. Crosson's been on everybody's neck , an order he expected didn't come through and he's '' -- `` I don't care . I want you here . I'm all alone and certain things are going on that look very ominous . I need someone to go out and find out what's happening '' . `` But I couldn't do that , even if I were home '' ! ! His voice grew high and trembling . `` I can't be underfoot every time those cops turn around ! ! They'll they'll think I did something '' . He couldn't see the grin that split her mouth ; ; the teeth that shone into the phone were like a shark's . `` You'll just have to risk it . You can't wander along in the dark , can you ? ? I'd think that you even more than I would be wondering what they're up to . They found some clothes '' , she tossed in . `` What '' ? ? Deliberately , she ignored the yelp . `` Also , that Mr. Ferguson was here . I guess he wants to ask you some questions . I stalled him off . He doesn't expect you until five '' . `` Then I'd better wait until five '' . `` No-o-o . Come home right away '' . She slapped the receiver into its holder and stepped away . Her eyes were bright with anticipation . In his office , Mr. Holden replaced the phone slowly . He rose from his chair . He had to cough then ; ; he went to the window and choked there with the fresh breeze on his face . He got his hat out of the closet . For a moment he thought of going into Crosson's office to explain that he had to leave , but there was now such a pain in his chest , such a pounding in his head , that he decided to let it go . He passed the receptionist in the outer office , muttering , `` I've got to go out for a little while '' . Let her call Crosson if she wanted to , let Crosson raise the roof or even can him , he didn't care . He got into the car . Putting the key into the switch , pressing the accelerator with his foot , putting the car into reverse , seemed vast endeavors almost beyond the ability of his shaking body . Once out in the street , the traffic was a gadfly maze in which he wandered stricken . When he turned into the highway that led to the outskirts of the city and then rose toward home , he had to pull over to the curb and wait for a few minutes , sucking in air and squinting and blinking his eyes to clear them of tears . What on earth was in Mae's mind , that she wanted him up there spying on what the cops were doing ? ? What did she think he could do ? ? He tried to ignore what his own common sense told him , but it wasn't possible ; ; her motives were too blatant . She wanted him to get into trouble . She wanted the police to notice him , suspect him . She was going to keep on scheming , poking , prodding , suggesting , and dictating until the cops got up enough interest in him to go back to their old neighborhood and ask questions . And he knew in that moment , with a cold sinking of despair , a dying of old hopes , that Mae had spread some kind of word there among the neighbors . Nothing bald , open ; ; but enough . They'd have some suspicions to repeat to the police . Though his inner thoughts cringed at it , he forced himself to think back , recreating the scene in which Mae claimed to have caught him molesting the child . It hadn't amounted to anything . There had been nothing evil or dirty in his intentions . A second scene flashed before his mind , the interior of the garage at the new house and the young Bartlett girl turning startled to meet him , the dim dark and the sudden confusion and fear and then the brightness as Mae had clicked on the light . Suppose the cops somehow got hold of that ? ? Well , it hadn't been what it seemed , he'd had no idea the girl was in there . He hadn't touched her . And when he came to examine the scene , there was a certain staginess to it , it had the smell of planning , and a swift suspicion darted into his mind . Too monstrous , of course . Mae wouldn't have plotted a thing like that . It was just that little accidents played into her hands . Like this murder . He leaned on the wheel , clutching it , staring into the sunlight , and tried to bring order into his thoughts . He felt light-headed and sick . There was no use wandering off into a territory of utter nightmare . Mae was his wife . She was married to him for better or for worse . She wouldn't be wilfully planning his destruction . But she was . She was . Even as the conviction of truth roared through him , shattering his last hope of safety , he was reaching to release the hand brake , to head up the road for home , doing her bidding . He drove , and the road wobbled , familiar scenes crept past on either side . He came to a stretch of old orange groves , the trees dead , some of them uprooted , and then there was an outlying shopping area , and tract houses . He had the feeling that he should abandon the car and run off somewhere to hide . But he couldn't imagine where . There was really no place to go , finally , except home to Mae . At the gate he slowed , looking around . Cooper was beside his car , on the curb at the right , just standing there morosely ; ; he didn't even look up . Behind him on the steps of the little office sat old man Arthur ; ; he was straight , something angry in his attitude , as if he might be waiting to report something . Holden stepped on the gas . A new idea drifted in from nowhere . He could go to the police . He could tell them his fears of being involved , he could explain what had happened in the old neighborhood and how Mae had misunderstood and how she had held it over him -- the scene was complete in his mind at the moment , even to his own jerkings and snivelings , and Ferguson's silent patience . He could throw himself on the mercy of the Police Department . It wasn't what Mae would want him to do , though . He was sure of this . Once he had abandoned himself to the very worst , once he had quieted all the dragons of worry and suspense , there wouldn't be very much for Mae to do . At that moment , Holden almost slammed on the brakes to go back to Cooper and ask if Ferguson was about . It would be such a relief . What was that old sign , supposed to be painted over a door somewhere , Abandon hope , all ye who enter here ? ? Why , Holden said to himself , surprised at his own sudden insight , I'll bet some of those people who enter are just as happy as can be . They've worried , they've lain awake nights , they've shook at the slightest footstep , they've pictured their own destruction , and now it's all over and they can give up . Sure , they're giving up hope . Hand in hand with hope went things like terror and apprehension . Good-bye . Holden waved a hand at the empty street . Glad to see you go . He drove into the paved space before the garage and got out , slamming the car door . He looked up and down the street . If Ferguson's car had been in sight , Holden would have walked directly to it . He went to the front door and opened it and looked in . Mae entered the room from the hallway to the kitchen . She had a cup of something steaming , coffee perhaps , in one hand , a fresh piece of toast in the other . She stood there , watching Holden come in , and she put the piece of toast in her mouth and bit off one corner with a huge chomp of her white teeth . `` Mae '' -- `` I've been thinking '' , she said , swallowing the toast . `` Didn't you have an old pair of painting overalls in the garage ? ? You used them that time you painted the porch at our other house . And then you wiped up some grease '' . She had caught him off guard , no preparation , nothing certain but that ahead lay some kind of disaster . `` No . Wait a minute . What do you '' -- `` I've been looking for them , and they're gone . I'm sure they were in the garage up until a couple of days ago . Or even yesterday . You used to paint in them , and then you just took them for rags . The police have them now '' . `` I don't remember any overalls at all '' . `` They were all faded . Worn through at the knees '' . She stood sipping and chewing and watching . `` Green paint , wasn't it ? ? Well , I'm not sure of the color . But you had them '' . `` Mae , sit down . Put down the cup of coffee . Tell me what this is all about '' . She shook her head . She took another bite of toast . Holden noticed almost absently how she chewed , how the whole side of her cheek moved , a slab of fat that extended down into her neck . `` My goodness , you ought to remember if I do . You're going to have to go to the police and explain what happened . Tell them the truth or something before they come here '' . A seeping coldness entered Holden's being ; ; his nerves seemed frost-bitten down to the tips of his tingling fingers and his spine felt stiff and glass-like , liable to break like an icicle at any moment . `` I've never owned any painting overalls .
of their meals, she had never been obliged to go without
sensitive conscience, would have felt all that the
obtained for her by the honesty of her adopted children."
back to you this minute," said Susan.
choked it.
18:17 And was drawn from the north, and went forth to Enshemesh, and
I saw a vast deal of that in the neighbourhood round Maple Grove.


36:7 For their riches were more than that they might dwell together;
That I haue vttered; bring me to the Test
and thou art as a whale in the seas: and thou camest forth with thy
The Almighty thus pronounced his sovran will. 
A waiting next command.  To whom their Chief, 

thereof, and three branches of the candlestick out of the other side


52:7 Then the city was broken up, and all the men of war fled, and
ye flee: and, We will ride upon the swift; therefore shall they that
32:6 I will also water with thy blood the land wherein thou swimmest,

the hand of thine enemies.
the look of superiority which he had been taught to think the RICH might
Edward was not entirely without hopes of some
go thou after them: have I not charged the young men that they shall

The sound of the belch'd words of my voice loos'd to the eddies of

mother sell Lightfoot?"
fight the enemy in all the drawing-rooms of London. Where his
54:6 For the LORD hath called thee as a woman forsaken and grieved in
1:11 There is no remembrance of former things; neither shall there be

Maachah, the daughter of Abishalom.
there are no hard tests for separating the tares and the wheat of
peculiar gasping of the lungs was heard which denotes the fullest
of real understanding, was nobody with either father or sister;
by the irritable refinement of her own mind, and the too

away to the royal menagerie without hurting them.
with him.  He is not a young man with whom one can

Landlady.  Oh, as to that, I have no objections nor impediments to your

king.
thirst.
 
9:21 Moreover he sprinkled with blood both the tabernacle, and all the
time, within me. But I made my face as hard and cruel as the rest, and
tossed ship they cling to.  A vile wind that has no doubt blown ere

for you?" said the maid.
44:20 Neither shall they shave their heads, nor suffer their locks to
in America, so he could only think of the buildings in a dream.
ephod, and the teraphim, and the graven image, and went in the midst
shaking finger towards the small wayside station. "The whole
Michal the daughter of Saul, whom she brought up for Adriel the son of


19:5 If indeed ye will magnify yourselves against me, and plead

13:12 And she answered him, Nay, my brother, do not force me; for no
the graven images of Babylon: and her whole land shall be confounded,

the ephod with a lace of blue, that it might be above the curious
for Marianne, which it was not even innocent to indulge.
superiority over the American whalers; regarding the long, lean

1:6 Wherein ye greatly rejoice, though now for a season, if need be,
his goods, except he first bind the strong man? and then he will spoil
Now to the ascent of that steep savage hill 
were able to rise in cordiality, and do the honours of it very well.
and he did not repent.
23:21 And all the people of the land rejoiced: and the city was quiet,
with which a man receives money is really marvellous, considering
6:46 And when he had sent them away, he departed into a mountain to
mast-head could tell anything about it.  In the distance he saw the
not a man?  1:35 And the angel answered and said unto her, The Holy
7:1 Then said the high priest, Are these things so?  7:2 And he said,
exquisite day it is. Is the Czar dead?"
hearing Willoughby's name mentioned, was not thrown away.

10:22 And ye shall be hated of all men for my name's sake: but he that

(Not safe and peaceful only, waves rous'd and ominous too,
of Apollos; and I of Cephas; and I of Christ.
these thunders with a certain submissive solemnity. The third party
slipping and sliding to the beach, and into the surf. He was terribly
    others fill the seats of the boats,

against Jehoshaphat to battle.
Here Anne spoke--
there was nothing in the engagement to excite lasting wonder;

Still the lady, who had lived too long in the world to be without
hat for his top.  It soon was worn through, and he split his top by
Captain Peleg, many years her chief-mate, before he commanded another
the water that was in the trench.
followed her into the hall.  The hall was rather dark, but under the lamp
his raiment was white as the light.
sheepishly he started for home to tell of all the strange things that
never worth going through the rain for."
yet the hand of the house of Joseph prevailed, so that they became

the old dukes like that?"
weeks and months past.  There was the Tolstoyan in Jaeger flannel,
Ahab and all his boat's crew seemed asleep but the Parsee; who
at my word.
all Israel shouted with a great shout, so that the earth rang again.
31:12 I am forgotten as a dead man out of mind: I am like a broken
a diadem of evil stars--when they are really trembling before

even the salt sea, failed, and were cut off: and the people passed
mayest eat and be full.
Edward seemed a second Willoughby; and acknowledging
1:16 They profess that they know God; but in works they deny him,
the great scientist's house, an iron balcony, also painted green,

    transcendental Union!
Spirit of the LORD will come upon thee, and thou shalt prophesy with
    clouds, as one with them.

nothing from a servant, though he be lord of all; 4:2 But is under
sun, that only calls forth life, but gives it not again.  Yet dost
burning blue.
or smiles--Mr. Knightley.  The circumstance was told him at Hartfield;
Syme was subject to spasms of singular common sense, not otherwise


Musing, and sighing, with your armes acrosse
Meshullam the son of Besodeiah; they laid the beams thereof, and set
"Here, Frederick, you and I part company, I believe," said she.
below and inquire.  I heard them talking about it in the kitchen; but I
Miss Bates had just done as Patty opened the door; and her visitors
before the sons of the house of the Rechabites pots full of wine, and
12:5 He that is ready to slip with his feet is as a lamp despised in
"Why, to be sure," said he, seeming to recollect himself,
she was talking. 'How CAN I have done that?' she thought. 'I must
profoundest silence.
1:22 Professing themselves to be wise, they became fools, 1:23 And
thine only son: 22:17 That in blessing I will bless thee, and in
and out of those crooked lanes, which were more like cracks than
this gentleman that we are going to, I'm sure, if he knows anything about
Of Senators, of Praetors, common Sutors,
and she must acknowledge herself disappointed.  She had hoped
Let not the child's voice be heard, nor the mother's entreaties,
eastward.
is slackened, and the pitchpoler dropping astern, folds his hands,
Brutus what shall be done? If this be knowne,
from the dead.
pleasure on Babylon, and his arm shall be on the Chaldeans.
16:25 But Abraham said, Son, remember that thou in thy lifetime
soon shaken in mind, or be troubled, neither by spirit, nor by word,

ones leanness; and under his glory he shall kindle a burning like the

threw down the stone, and it fell on him and killed him. The other two
I form'd them free: and free they must remain, 
"No," corrected the Professor, "a horse."


Renascent with grossest Nature or among animals,
cravat that he wanted in such a hurry to go to the play!  Why, sir, they
"Perhaps when the morning stars were made," he said to himself,
4:3 And ye shall tread down the wicked; for they shall be ashes under
another ship) came up with the whale, struck, killed, seized, and

it be too confounded cobbling, and then we stash it if we can.  Hem!
12:2 Ye shall utterly destroy all the places, wherein the nations
But of offence and trouble, which my mind 
road at the Zoological Gardens. There were a thousand other such

from hence thirty men with thee, and take up Jeremiah the prophet out
a spirit that would dare a thousand devils.  And besides all this,

Look ye, carpenter, I dare say thou callest thyself a right good

'An arm, you goose! Who ever saw one that size? Why, it fills the whole

"We have been calling at Randalls," said she, "and found them
were flying easily over an open common of rank sea-grass.  They
Sperm, sperm's the play!  This at least is duty; duty and profit hand
   Pol. Hath there bene such a time, I'de fain know that,
5:14 And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 5:15 If a soul commit a
he seeth the blood upon the lintel, and on the two side posts, the

advanced, and Ahab, putting out his ivory leg, and crossing the ivory

"It is perfectly true.--Colonel Brandon has given
western world, which to the eyes of the old trappers and hunters
that she seems to be sitting out of doors, with only a little shawl
2:6 The law of truth was in his mouth, and iniquity was not found in
your own happiness, that your sons will be brought up
To pricke and sting her. Fare thee well at once;

partisans set up a general hiss.  "He has forsaken us!  He deserts his

3:22 And they rose up early in the morning, and the sun shone upon the
meal, till the whole was leavened.

And breast, (what could we more?) propounded terms 

For I think I shall then supply myself with the poems of my soul and
wind on the lake; and they were filled with water, and were in
Grant had some remarkably fine raspberries.  The fruit was so large, as
cloth called bearskin, I fought my way against the stubborn storm.

they were come.
6:15 Then these men assembled unto the king, and said unto the king,
thereof, and my wine in the season thereof, and will recover my wool


Killer.  Both are outlaws, even in the lawless seas.
gone so entirely out of my head."
To Agra and Lahor of great Mogul, 
Wheeler.  Hereafter! Oh, fie, my LUD!  You know your own Wheeler has,
hundred talents which I have given to the army of Israel? And the man
had spread, and a short pause succeeded, which seemed to ensure
talkativeness--amused by such a picture of another set of beings,
    realized,
feet, where the body of Jesus had lain.
15:11 And when the fowls came down upon the carcases, Abram drove them
15:29 Zadok therefore and Abiathar carried the ark of God again to
The simple, compact, well-join'd scheme, myself disintegrated, every
the mountainside in a tiny cave; his food was roots and acorns, a bit of


the drops of dew?  38:29 Out of whose womb came the ice? and the hoary
pretend that she did not know, either; and when she saw her mistress
and their son, Miss Bates and her niece, who had accidentally met.
2:11 The lofty looks of man shall be humbled, and the haughtiness of

Won from the void and formless infinite. 

It so chanced that the doubloon of the Pequod was a most wealthy


72:1 Give the king thy judgments, O God, and thy righteousness unto
4:16 We certify the king that, if this city be builded again, and the
Heere's Decius Brutus, he shall tell them so
   In a rich and fruitful land, --

flesh, and fowl idol of the Philistines, Dagon by name; who being
an object of interest, amusement, and wholesome exertion.

trespass offering: and every dedicated thing in Israel shall be
Queequeg, standing sideways, ever and anon slid his heavy oaken sword
therefore, willing to release Jesus, spake again to them.

it only as paternal kindness, and thought it the most natural thing

15:3 In their streets they shall gird themselves with sackcloth: on
right. But what we think right is so damned different that there
     The Duke looked at the priest.  "Dubosc's escape is
too quick in receiving them as the certain result of the most correct
to high Heaven, they fall to casting lots, to see for whose
skins, and shittim wood, 25:6 Oil for the light, spices for anointing
69:20 Reproach hath broken my heart; and I am full of heaviness: and I



city in the plague, when the living are incompetent to bury the
I am sure I would not mention a word about it to her
rulers, and said unto them, Ye exact usury, every one of his brother.
and met together by the pool of Gibeon: and they sat down, the one on
4:21 Then Jael Heber's wife took a nail of the tent, and took an
pursuers be returned: and afterward may ye go your way.


for if I yet pleased men, I should not be the servant of Christ.
and the judgments of his mouth; 16:13 O ye seed of Israel his servant,
A man before all--myself, typical, before all.
disguised himself with ashes upon his face.
Harriet was soon back again, and the proposal almost immediately made;
"He is my enemy," said Evan, simply; "he is the enemy of God."
And do not call the tortoise unworthy because she is not something else,
centaurs, griffins, and dolphins, similar to the grotesque figures

"Dear, dear," said the courtiers, "that is very pleasant; does that
Over hills, across lowlands, and in the skirts of woods,
revenged himself upon them; 25:13 Therefore thus saith the Lord GOD; I
    *    *    *    *    *    *
19:11 And, behold, Amariah the chief priest is over you in all matters
God knowledge? seeing he judgeth those that are high.

The first error and the worst lay at her door.  It was foolish,
The party separated.  The gentlemen had their own pursuits,
son, Enoch.
Burs.  Pshaw!  Wherever you come, Rory O'Ryan, no one else can be heard.
with a slight sneer.
east border, and westward over against the five and twenty thousand
"Never heard of such a whale.  Cachalot Blanche!  White Whale--no."

land of Canaan in the way, when yet there was but a little way to come
     Darkness was deepening under the mountain walls, and it was not easy
Lady Middleton and Mrs. Ferrars will visit now;--
mingled with oil: three tenth deals shall ye offer for a bullock, and
hesitation in approving.  Dear Harriet, I give myself joy of this.
12:7 But ask now the beasts, and they shall teach thee; and the fowls
The Second Book of Moses:  Called Exodus
No fear; I like a good grip; I like to feel something in this
and had finally proposed these two branches of economy, to cut off

serpent-snapping eye.  Well done; almost drained.  That way it went,
7:16 If any man have ears to hear, let him hear.
Syme struck the table with a radiant face.
and Zadok the scribe, and of the Levites, Pedaiah: and next to them
it of the strength of the iron, forasmuch as thou sawest the iron
and to have him sitting just opposite to her in angry state,

linen, and their sockets of brass.
Where their priceless blood reddens the grass the ground,
Liable as you have been to severe colds, indeed you ought
he cannot come out on's graue
passed, but left behind it a feverish distaste for many of the
full of garden stuff and fruit arrived from the park,
Like Niobe, all teares. Why she, euen she.
(perhaps for half an hour) to his lectures and restrictions on her designs
faith by its very nature is fierce, and as it were at once
bring herself quite to rejoice in Edward's being fettered
14:22 Do they not err that devise evil? but mercy and truth shall be
13:8 Will ye accept his person? will ye contend for God?  13:9 Is it
I, backing out, Wretched entertainment at the sign of 'The Trap!'
Counselled ignoble ease and peaceful sloth, 
Alice noticed with some surprise that the pebbles were all turning into
When Caesar sayes, Do this; it is perform'd
How they contort rapid as lightning, with spasms and spouts of blood!
all shall fail together.
It regarded a supper-room.  At the time of the ballroom's being built,
order that the monster might turn round upon us, and rend us at last
it was from Frank, and to herself; he had met with it in his way,
people Israel, that he may save my people out of the hand of the
last October,--but this will give you no idea--I must go
of the man that would destroy me and my son together out of the
thereof, and the arches thereof, and the windows to it round about:

sacrifice, that Elijah the prophet came near, and said, LORD God of
All sail being set, he now cast loose the life-line, reserved for



in your power to set her off to advantage, and so forth;--
exactly confirm the old legend."
apostolic whim having seized him, he had left Neskyeuna for

All distances of time, all inanimate forms,

Are come with Cassius.
he could have heard her formerly praised; wanted very much
to cut off from Tyrus and Zidon every helper that remaineth: for the
he had very bright and restless brown eyes; his dark hair was brushed back

mouth shall praise thee with joyful lips:
"I am sure that a man like you will not need to be told that one
peace.

1:19 And it was known unto all the dwellers at Jerusalem; insomuch as
24:15 And he took up his parable, and said, Balaam the son of Beor
Buttrice, nor Coigne of Vantage, but this Bird

which God shall give Israel: and there shall not be an old man in
over hill and dale.  And he whirled up his heavy stick and went at
And surround me and lead me and run ahead when I walk,
the real anarchist!"
23:16 For God maketh my heart soft, and the Almighty troubleth me:


in the most obliging manner in the world, fastening in the rivet of my
my mouth; if I prefer not Jerusalem above my chief joy.
17:21 But my covenant will I establish with Isaac, which Sarah shall

"I am not yet so much changed," cried Anne, and stopped, fearing she
Though not one of the oarsmen was then facing the life and death
with very wild, white hair, but a face of astonishing softness."
collision; so am I.  That is a struggle in stone. Every form of
thyself.
shall be called of all nations the house of prayer? but ye have made
68:16 Why leap ye, ye high hills? this is the hill which God desireth
the sons of men snared in an evil time, when it falleth suddenly upon
he hath, he cannot be my disciple.
LORD; peradventure I shall make an atonement for your sin.
the LORD brought an east wind upon the land all that day, and all that
reverberations of laughter.  A second afterwards the most

his enormous figure dark against the purple sky, like the dark tree-tops.
seas have ever been regarded with emotions unspeakably unsocial and
By the paradox already noted, articles of valuable intelligence and
great demon of the seas of life,--all this to explain, would be to
Liberty, let others despair of you--I never despair of you.
the right hand of the Majesty on high: 1:4 Being made so much better
through the knowledge of the Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, they are
express permission.]
would probably escape; certainly not otherwise. They were a

of Abinadab, drave the new cart.
'Forbid who will, none shall from me withhold 
may happen--for, when people are much thrown together,
gardener's son, whose grapes he was eating.

The men and the work of the men on ferries, railroads, coasters,
19:16 And while he lingered, the men laid hold upon his hand, and upon
From the word stronger and more delicious than any,
"I am afraid my fury and your insult are too shocking to be wiped
13:1 Let every soul be subject unto the higher powers. For there is no
have sent to Babylon, and have brought down all their nobles, and the
of you this day.
The Mock Turtle sighed deeply, and drew the back of one flapper across
Writing and talk do not prove me,

8:32 And he said unto them, Go. And when they were come out, they went
requires a very particular excuse.--What is it,
ordered the scattered people to condense.  "Starboard gangway,
encroaching temper; and when they had done so much for her, she would
        Wolves with the hair of the ermine,
Unutterable; which the Spirit of prayer 

ship groaned and gasped.  Many of the ivory inlayings of her bulwarks
prepare their meat in the summer; 30:26 The conies are but a feeble
I fancy, that this Hedwig was a heroine, and deserved to marry a man


Here was a sly glance at Emma.  "He had been so fortunate as to--
a sign to the house of Israel.
distance will sometimes pass on the plains recumbent elephants
sun and tropic token-pieces.  Here palms, alpacas, and volcanoes;
prisoners, and the Ethiopians captives, young and old, naked and
17:14 And Absalom and all the men of Israel said, The counsel of
devolves this evening to choose out of the company present the man
finished: and he bowed his head, and gave up the ghost.
    the same.
But past who can recall, or done undo? 
rest; he'll get up sooner or later, no doubt.  It can't last for
14:51 And Kish was the father of Saul; and Ner the father of Abner was
was killed by any man, such is his fierceness and swiftness."
126:1 When the LORD turned again the captivity of Zion, we were like
the womb, I am the LORD that maketh all things; that stretcheth forth
for the LORD thy God, he it is that doth go with thee; he will not

Amorites, and the Perizzites, and the Hivites, and the Jebusites,

in the wilderness.


And saying, We have piped unto you, and ye have not danced; we have
    with shirts bagg'd out at their waists,
the circle; they guessed that he was gone for Hardy, and the whole room
When that the poore haue cry'de, Caesar hath wept:



Then wishest should be vndone. High thee hither,
34:10 And ye shall dwell with us: and the land shall be before you;
farther, "they'll all think it so ill-natured.  I had better go back, and

Christ, 5:5 To deliver such an one unto Satan for the destruction of

ever tempted, by any motive of personal convenience or temporary
These changes in the Heavens, though slow, produced 
quarter-deck, taking regular turns at either limit, the binnacle and
3:5 Thus saith the LORD concerning the prophets that make my people
Hashabniah.
recompense thee according to thy ways and thine abominations that are
4:13 Therefore set I in the lower places behind the wall, and on the

at her, looked with most unfeigned satisfaction at her companion.
cannot fast.
 And wash in a river, and shine in the sun.
will be found among the oldest Hindoo, Egyptian, and Grecian
The sword of Satan, with steep force to smite 
erected to affront nature; that is, the father believed in Man.
     Pendragon sprang to his feet and paced swiftly to and fro
unto the prophet Gad, David's seer, saying, 24:12 Go and say unto

Mrs. Palmer was so well at the end of a fortnight,

11:1 Now a certain man was sick, named Lazarus, of Bethany, the town
I imagine there will be nothing more to wait for."
never sung once, except for very particular people, this winter."

for being very decided."
it.  For the present other matters press, and the best we can do now
the Tuileries for ye!  But gulp down your tears and hie aloft to the
32:25 And when he saw that he prevailed not against him, he touched
Frances Howard, and the quite mysterious terror which forced the King

after that she had been twelve months, according to the manner of the
Your lonelinesse. We are oft too blame in this,
perhaps thinking our incubus would find it less easy to walk on such
Who can be in doubt of what followed?  When any two young people
17:10 So likewise ye, when ye shall have done all those things which
And to have entered into a secret engagement with a

got all their bars ready to fasten the doors and window shutters of the
that they shall come again into this land: for the LORD your God is

he beg in harvest, and have nothing.

15:17 These things I command you, that ye love one another.
striving together for the faith of the gospel; 1:28 And in nothing
she heard the words "my son," and "Frank," and "my son,"


pointed at me!--the very one; THIS one--I hold it here; he would have
not believe me?--In town next week, you see--at the latest, I dare say;
see whether there might not happen to be one halfpenny left; and, to his
123:3 Have mercy upon us, O LORD, have mercy upon us: for we are
without cause they have digged for my soul.
of the house of the LORD.
the eighteenth year of Nebuchadrezzar he carried away captive from
his house; and his windows being open in his chamber toward Jerusalem,
I meant to take them over to John Saunders the first thing I did,
to anger with their sins; 16:3 Behold, I will take away the posterity
10:18 And Jehu gathered all the people together, and said unto them,
thing,' Alice went on, half to herself, as she swam lazily about in the
butter.
13:17 A wicked messenger falleth into mischief: but a faithful
12:25 Mattaniah, and Bakbukiah, Obadiah, Meshullam, Talmon, Akkub,
himself was dressed in his royal robes. The choir was chanting the Latin
is strikingly evinced in the head, as in some part of this book will
Wheel.  O, yes.
2:8 And unto the angel of the church in Smyrna write; These things
carried a huge and heavy cane.  Despite his silence and his
pitching his cap up into the mizentop for a shelf, he goes down
It guiltless?  But from me what can proceed, 
servant, to bring Jacob again to him, Though Israel be not gathered,


keep thy precepts.
enemies triumph over me.
"I'll wait as long as you please," said the butcher.  Susan thanked him,

white dome sitting like a vast silver tiara over London, ringed
With antecedents,
strengthen him.
of Providence, that you should not be introduced to your cousin."
holy name.
the tower, and will watch to see what he will say unto me, and what I
Shimmer of waters with fish in them, the cerulean above,
    it, and the cohering is for it!
bent on being busy as to resist the solicitations of his
he staggered back.
Then over all, (aye! aye!) my little and lengthen'd pennant shaped
call it at the very least a root."
As loue betweene them, as the Palme should flourish,
8:8 And again he stooped down, and wrote on the ground.
They both seemed delighted with their drive; but said
Reuiuing blood, and that great men shall presse
Allons! yet take warning!

candlestick, and light the lamps thereof.
And shall not uncircumcision which is by nature, if it fulfil the law,

from heaven upon them unto Azekah, and they died: they were more which
8:1 And after this it came to pass that David smote the Philistines,

state of mind which gives most spirit and delight.  I hope you

Fair for death and doom,--THAT'S fair for Moby Dick.  It's a fair
in the wind."
The illnesse should attend it. What thou would'st highly,
aloft, and while peering ahead through the horizontal vacancy between
for Mr. John Knightley, ashamed of his ill-humour, was now all
It will be felt so great an attention! and I always thought you
very sorry that you should have been giving way to any feelings--
time that I had bestowed on her, in my present visit.
     To sup with the Queen
be in the midst of thee; and thou shalt take hold, but shalt not
"I have," said the old Fox. "When I open the bag you hold the cover off
the fine tulip to the place of meeting.  It was on a spacious bowling-
the origin of; TIT-BIT is obvious; PEQUOD, you will no doubt
their Army,
hear no more of Maurice Grant."
 And I watered it in fears
In I myself, in all the world, these currents flowing,

   Reynol. I will my Lord
pigeons, to the priest, to the door of the tabernacle of the
entered a splendid suite of apartments that seemed to be designed
any otherwise than as the self-command she had practised

Tarlton.
beyond measure;--and when to that was added the fanciful
the guinea-hen, and he involuntarily exclaimed, "Susan's guinea-hen, I
gave gifts, and sent them away from Isaac his son, while he yet lived,

103:20 Bless the LORD, ye his angels, that excel in strength, that do
In the first place, you are struck by the general contrast between
find a place.
68:7 O God, when thou wentest forth before thy people, when thou didst
Nothing like Godot , he arrived before the hour . His letter had suggested we meet at my hotel at noon on Sunday , and I came into the lobby as the clock struck twelve . He was waiting . My wish to meet Samuel Beckett had been prompted by simple curiosity and interest in his work . American newspaper reviewers like to call his plays nihilistic . They find deep pessimism in them . Even so astute a commentator as Harold Clurman of The Nation has said that `` Waiting For Godot '' is `` the concentrate of the contemporary European mood of despair '' . But to me Beckett's writing had seemed permeated with love for human beings and with a kind of humor that I could reconcile neither with despair nor with nihilism . Could it be that my own eyes and ears had deceived me ? ? Is his a literature of defeat , irrelevant to the social crises we face ? ? Or is it relevant because it teaches us something useful to know about ourselves ? ? I knew that a conversation with the author would not settle such questions , because a man is not the same as his writing : in the last analysis , the questions had to be settled by the work itself . Nevertheless I was curious . My curiosity was sharpened a day or two before the interview by a conversation I had with a well-informed teacher of literature , a Jesuit father , at a conference on religious drama near Paris . When Beckett's name came into the discussion , the priest grew loud and told me that Beckett `` hates life '' . That , I thought , is at least one thing I can find out when we meet . Beckett's appearance is rough-hewn Irish . The features of his face are distinct , but not fine . They look as if they had been sculptured with an unsharpened chisel . Unruly hair goes straight up from his forehead , standing so high that the top falls gently over , as if to show that it really is hair and not bristle . One might say it combines the man ; ; own pride and humility . For he has the pride that comes of self-acceptance and the humility , perhaps of the same genesis , not to impose himself upon another . His light blue eyes , set deep within the face , are actively and continually looking . He seems , by some unconscious division of labor , to have given them that one function and no other , leaving communication to the rest of the face . The mouth frequently breaks into a disarming smile . The voice is light in timbre , with a rough edge that corresponds to his visage . The Irish accent is , as one would expect , combined with slight inflections from the French . His tweed suit was a baggy gray and green . He wore a brown knit sports shirt with no tie . We walked down the Rue De L'Arcade , thence along beside the Madeleine and across to a sidewalk cafe opposite that church . The conversation that ensued may have been engrossing but it could hardly be called world-shattering . For one thing , the world that Beckett sees is already shattered . His talk turns to what he calls `` the mess '' , or sometimes `` this buzzing confusion '' . I reconstruct his sentences from notes made immediately after our conversation . What appears here is shorter than what he actually said but very close to his own words . `` The confusion is not my invention . We cannot listen to a conversation for five minutes without being acutely aware of the confusion . It is all around us and our only chance now is to let it in . The only chance of renovation is to open our eyes and see the mess . It is not a mess you can make sense of '' . I suggested that one must let it in because it is the truth , but Beckett did not take to the word truth . `` What is more true than anything else ? ? To swim is true , and to sink is true . One is not more true than the other . One cannot speak anymore of being , one must speak only of the mess . When Heidegger and Sartre speak of a contrast between being and existence , they may be right , I don't know , but their language is too philosophical for me . I am not a philosopher . One can only speak of what is in front of him , and that now is simply the mess '' . Then he began to speak about the tension in art between the mess and form . Until recently , art has withstood the pressure of chaotic things . It has held them at bay . It realized that to admit them was to jeopardize form . `` How could the mess be admitted , because it appears to be the very opposite of form and therefore destructive of the very thing that art holds itself to be '' ? ? But now we can keep it out no longer , because we have come into a time when `` it invades our experience at every moment . It is there and it must be allowed in '' . I granted this might be so , but found the result to be even more attention to form than was the case previously . And why not ? ? How , I asked , could chaos be admitted to chaos ? ? Would not that be the end of thinking and the end of art ? ? If we look at recent art we find it preoccupied with form . Beckett's own work is an example . Plays more highly formalized than `` Waiting For Godot '' , `` Endgame '' , and `` Krapp's Last Tape '' would be hard to find . `` What I am saying does not mean that there will henceforth be no form in art . It only means that there will be new form , and that this form will be of such a type that it admits the chaos and does not try to say that the chaos is really something else . The form and the chaos remain separate . The latter is not reduced to the former . That is why the form itself becomes a preoccupation , because it exists as a problem separate from the material it accommodates . To find a form that accommodates the mess , that is the task of the artist now '' . Yet , I responded , could not similar things be said about the art of the past ? ? Is it not characteristic of the greatest art that it confronts us with something we cannot clarify , demanding that the viewer respond to it in his own never-predictable way ? ? What is the history of criticism but the history of men attempting to make sense of the manifold elements in art that will not allow themselves to be reduced to a single philosophy or a single aesthetic theory ? ? Isn't all art ambiguous ? ? `` Not this '' , he said , and gestured toward the Madeleine . The classical lines of the church which Napoleon thought of as a Temple of Glory , dominated all the scene where we sat . The Boulevard De La Madeleine , the Boulevard Malesherbes , and the Rue Royale ran to it with graceful flattery , bearing tidings of the Age of Reason . `` Not this . This is clear . This does not allow the mystery to invade us . With classical art , all is settled . But it is different at Chartres . There is the unexplainable , and there art raises questions that it does not attempt to answer '' . I asked about the battle between life and death in his plays . Didi and Gogo hover on the edge of suicide ; ; Hamm's world is death and Clov may or may not get out of it to join the living child outside . Is this life-death question a part of the chaos ? ? `` Yes . If life and death did not both present themselves to us , there would be no inscrutability . If there were only darkness , all would be clear . It is because there is not only darkness but also light that our situation becomes inexplicable . Take Augustine's doctrine of grace given and grace withheld : have you pondered the dramatic qualities in this theology ? ? Two thieves are crucified with Christ , one saved and the other damned . How can we make sense of this division ? ? In classical drama , such problems do not arise . The destiny of Racine's Phedre is sealed from the beginning : she will proceed into the dark . As she goes , she herself will be illuminated . At the beginning of the play she has partial illumination and at the end she has complete illumination , but there has been no question but that she moves toward the dark . That is the play . Within this notion clarity is possible , but for us who are neither Greek nor Jansenist there is not such clarity . The question would also be removed if we believed in the contrary -- total salvation . But where we have both dark and light we have also the inexplicable . The key word in my plays is ' perhaps ' '' . Given a theological lead , I asked what he thinks about those who find a religious significance to his plays . `` Well , really there is none at all . I have no religious feeling . Once I had a religious emotion . It was at my first Communion . No more . My mother was deeply religious . So was my brother . He knelt down at his bed as long as he could kneel . My father had none . The family was Protestant , but for me it was only irksome and I let it go . My brother and mother got no value from their religion when they died . At the moment of crisis it had no more depth than an old school tie . Irish Catholicism is not attractive , but it is deeper . When you pass a church on an Irish bus , all the hands flurry in the sign of the cross . One day the dogs of Ireland will do that too and perhaps also the pigs '' . But do the plays deal with the same facets of experience religion must also deal with ? ? `` Yes , for they deal with distress . Some people object to this in my writing . At a party an English intellectual -- so-called -- asked me why I write always about distress . As if it were perverse to do so ! ! He wanted to know if my father had beaten me or my mother had run away from home to give me an unhappy childhood . I told him no , that I had had a very happy childhood . Then he thought me more perverse than ever . I left the party as soon as possible and got into a taxi . On the glass partition between me and the driver were three signs : one asked for help for the blind , another help for orphans , and the third for relief for the war refugees . One does not have to look for distress . It is screaming at you even in the taxis of London '' . Lunch was over , and we walked back to the hotel with the light and dark of Paris screaming at us . The personal quality of Samuel Beckett is similar to qualities I had found in the plays . He says nothing that compresses experience within a closed pattern . `` Perhaps '' stands in place of commitment . At the same time , he is plainly sympathetic , clearly friendly . If there were only the mess , all would be clear ; ; but there is also compassion . As a Christian , I know I do not stand where Beckett stands , but I do see much of what he sees . As a writer on the theater , I have paid close attention to the plays . Harold Clurman is right to say that `` Waiting For Godot '' is a reflection ( he calls it a distorted reflection ) `` of the impasse and disarray of Europe's present politics , ethic , and common way of life '' . Yet it is not only Europe the play refers to . `` Waiting For Godot '' sells even better in America than in France . The consciousness it mirrors may have come earlier to Europe than to America , but it is the consciousness that most `` mature '' societies arrive at when their successes in technological and economic systematization propel them into a time of examining the not-strictly-practical ends of culture . America is now joining Europe in this `` mature '' phase of development . Whether any of us remain in it long will depend on what happens as a result of the technological and economic revolutions now going on in the countries of Asia and Africa , and also of course on how long the cold war remains cold .
To meek submission: thou, at season fit, 
    diameter of eighty thousand miles,
27:1 And when it was determined that we should sail into Italy, they
16:15 I beseech you, brethren, (ye know the house of Stephanas, that
twinkling pine woods, amid the bewildering monotony of the pines.
people would let him.  The boy's hat was slouched, and his head hung

"And I," said the Olive, "I will sprinkle sweet-smelling oil over Him."
     For soon or late the certain grace;
she did."
19:9 But when divers were hardened, and believed not, but spake evil

transgressions be multiplied, what doest thou unto him?  35:7 If thou

so well as these baked apples, and they are extremely wholesome,
 Speak, father, speak to you little boy,
     Eidolons everlasting.

be full; 6:12 Then beware lest thou forget the LORD, which brought
sentimentalists of the French Revolution talked of the Rights of
Shark'd vp a List of Landlesse Resolutes,
"Well, go on."
among you, let him be your servant: 20:28 Even as the Son of man came


most interesting or affecting.  What instances must pass before them
before dinner, and every thing was safe.
that which I did among them: and afterward I brought you out.
5:8 And there are three that bear witness in earth, the Spirit, and
fortify the height of her strength, yet from me shall spoilers come
That raised us from the dust, and placed us here 
4:3 For what saith the scripture? Abraham believed God, and it was
returned to a late dinner, after some days' absence, and now walked
"and yet there is something so amiable in the prejudices
As an overladen Indiaman bearing down the Hindostan coast with a deck
finally killed and captured by another vessel; and herein are
cometh; go ye out to meet him.
And Judas also, which betrayed him, stood with them.






17:13 O LORD, the hope of Israel, all that forsake thee shall be

Samuel took Saul and his servant, and brought them into the parlour,
gathered up his feet into the bed, and yielded up the ghost, and was
41:54 And the seven years of dearth began to come, according as Joseph
Downward as far antarctick; and in length, 
Pequod's jaw-bone tiller had several times been reelingly hurled to


FATHER BROWN was in no mood for adventures.  He had lately fallen ill
suffered shipwreck, a night and a day I have been in the deep; 11:26
While still warm, the oil, like hot punch, is received into the
Not youth pertains to me,
45:17 I will make thy name to be remembered in all generations:


25:19 Confidence in an unfaithful man in time of trouble is like a
145:3 Great is the LORD, and greatly to be praised; and his greatness
ye not believe me?  8:47 He that is of God heareth God's words: ye
19:14 My kinsfolk have failed, and my familiar friends have forgotten
The revolution which one instant had made in Anne, was almost
into the habit of going out every day, that it was become

when I was an actor I was a sort of all-round beast. Perjury or
been carried away; and I sat astonied until the evening sacrifice.
12:15 The princes also of Pharaoh saw her, and commended her before
with the gipsies.  Ask her if they could get some buckets across

5:6 And I was very angry when I heard their cry and these words.
Yet, yet, ye downcast hours, I know ye also,
7:1 And the men of Kirjathjearim came, and fetched up the ark of the
footman, who was now lighting the candles.

tabernacle of the congregation: 6:14 And he shall offer his offering
and after saying in a voice of emotion, "to your sister

Ophiusa,) but still greatest he the midst, 
indeed look on the affliction of thine handmaid, and remember me, and
Borne even or high; for this day will pour down, 

such conduct on my side, such shameful, insolent neglect of her,
according to their service: 7:8 And four wagons and eight oxen he gave
any harm.
on the spot.  I was desired to say so from both.  It would be the
The ribs were ten on a side.  The first, to begin from the neck, was
horns of it, and on the four corners of the settle, and upon the
Crystalline ocean, and the loud misrule 
6:5 Therefore have I hewed them by the prophets; I have slain them by
rose again, with some tatters of Radney's red woollen shirt, caught
Unchecked, and of her roving is no end; 
not as a loss to her of any possible good but as an

What dreadful weather we have had!  It may not be felt in Bath,

and respect for her fortitude under it, must strengthen
and Jehiel, and Uzziah.
Meantime, Queequeg's impulsive, indifferent sword, sometimes hitting

Stands a child with her father,
there: 35:10 And the ransomed of the LORD shall return, and come to
These, but the Trappings, and the Suites of woe
139:1 O lord, thou hast searched me, and known me.
to Hamath the great: then go down to Gath of the Philistines: be they
Hitherto there had been but one opinion of Captain Wentworth
gave it unto Mordecai. And Esther set Mordecai over the house of
the obedience of one shall many be made righteous.
    sand in the distance,


and Hazael reigned in his stead.
inherent in the brow is so immensely amplified, that gazing on it, in
I am always glad to see him.  But, however, I found afterwards
Melodious hymns about the sovran throne 
With man therein or beast; but, when he brings 
all things.

And dirged by Tennyson's sweet sad rhyme.
and satisfies his judgment.  Oh! Harriet may pick and chuse.
which a man can be so passionate as Sir Lancelot and as pure as
How have I then with whom to hold converse, 
26:32 And I will bring the land into desolation: and your enemies
2:25 This day will I begin to put the dread of thee and the fear of
A word concerning an incident in the last chapter.
4:1 What shall we say then that Abraham our father, as pertaining to
8:11 And there stood before them seventy men of the ancients of the
13:16 And it shall be for a token upon thine hand, and for frontlets
cleansed, that call not thou common.
omitting to do any thing I wished."
and when her own mistress again, when able to turn and look
of Naphtali, and out of the tribe of Manasseh in Bashan, thirteen
I lean and loafe at my ease observing a spear of summer grass.
for him. But there were just five people, perhaps, who would have
the face of everything; and while it took from her the new-formed hope
for burnt offering, nor for sacrifice: 22:27 But that it may be a
its cheerful character.  A few days had made a change indeed!
In seuerall Hands, in at his Windowes throw,
 Sweet babe, in thy face

voice, but seeing no man.
The engagement opens there and then in fantasy unreal,
well-bucket, has been attached to one end of the whip; while the
Several defendants in the Summerdale police burglary trial made statements indicating their guilt at the time of their arrest , Judge James B. Parsons was told in Criminal court yesterday . The disclosure by Charles Bellows , chief defense counsel , startled observers and was viewed as the prelude to a quarrel between the six attorneys representing the eight former policemen now on trial . Bellows made the disclosure when he asked Judge Parsons to grant his client , Alan Clements , 30 , a separate trial . Bellows made the request while the all-woman jury was out of the courtroom . Fears prejudicial aspects `` The statements may be highly prejudicial to my client '' , Bellows told the court . `` Some of the defendants strongly indicated they knew they were receiving stolen property . It is impossible to get a fair trial when some of the defendants made statements involving themselves and others '' . Judge Parsons leaned over the bench and inquired , `` You mean some of the defendants made statements admitting this '' ? ? `` Yes , your honor '' , replied Bellows . `` What this amounts to , if true , is that there will be a free-for-all fight in this case . There is a conflict among the defendants '' . Washington , July 24 -- President Kennedy today pushed aside other White House business to devote all his time and attention to working on the Berlin crisis address he will deliver tomorrow night to the American people over nationwide television and radio . The President spent much of the week-end at his summer home on Cape Cod writing the first drafts of portions of the address with the help of White House aids in Washington with whom he talked by telephone . Shortly after the Chief Executive returned to Washington in midmorning from Hyannis Port , Mass. , a White House spokesman said the address text still had `` quite a way to go '' toward completion . Decisions are made Asked to elaborate , Pierre Salinger , White House press secretary , replied , `` I would say it's got to go thru several more drafts '' . Salinger said the work President Kennedy , advisers , and members of his staff were doing on the address involved composition and wording , rather than last minute decisions on administration plans to meet the latest Berlin crisis precipitated by Russia's demands and proposals for the city . The last 10 cases in the investigation of the Nov. 8 election were dismissed yesterday by Acting Judge John M. Karns , who charged that the prosecution obtained evidence `` by unfair and fundamentally illegal means '' . Karns said that the cases involved a matter `` of even greater significance than the guilt or innocence '' of the 50 persons . He said evidence was obtained `` in violation of the legal rights of citizens '' . Karns' ruling pertained to eight of the 10 cases . In the two other cases he ruled that the state had been `` unable to make a case '' . Contempt proceedings originally had been brought against 677 persons in 133 precincts by Morris J. Wexler , special prosecutor . Issue jury subpoenas Wexler admitted in earlier court hearings that he issued grand jury subpenas to about 200 persons involved in the election investigation , questioned the individuals in the Criminal courts building , but did not take them before the grand jury . Mayer Goldberg , attorney for election judges in the 58th precinct of the 23d ward , argued this procedure constituted intimidation . Wexler has denied repeatedly that coercion was used in questioning . Karns said it was a `` wrongful act '' for Wexler to take statements `` privately and outside of the grand jury room '' . He said this constituted a `` very serious misuse '' of the Criminal court processes . `` Actually , the abuse of the process may have constituted a contempt of the Criminal court of Cook county , altho vindication of the authority of that court is not the function of this court '' , said Karns , who is a City judge in East St. Louis sitting in Cook County court . Faced seven cases Karns had been scheduled this week to hear seven cases involving 35 persons . Wexler had charged the precinct judges in these cases with `` complementary '' miscount of the vote , in which votes would be taken from one candidate and given to another . The cases involved judges in the 33d , 24th , and 42d precincts of the 31st ward , the 21st and 28th precincts of the 29th ward , the 18th precinct of the 4th ward , and the 9th precinct of the 23d ward . The case of the judges in the 58th precinct of the 23d ward had been heard previously and taken under advisement by Karns . Two other cases also were under advisement . Claims precedent lacking After reading his statement discharging the 23d ward case , Karns told Wexler that if the seven cases scheduled for trial also involved persons who had been subpenaed , he would dismiss them . Washington , Feb. 9 -- President Kennedy today proposed a mammoth new medical care program whereby social security taxes on 70 million American workers would be raised to pay the hospital and some other medical bills of 14.2 million Americans over 65 who are covered by social security or railroad retirement programs . The President , in a special message to Congress , tied in with his aged care plan requests for large federal grants to finance medical and dental scholarships , build 20 new medical and 20 new dental schools , and expand child health care and general medical research . The aged care plan , similar to one the President sponsored last year as a senator , a fight on Capitol hill . It was defeated in Congress last year . Cost up to $37 a year It would be financed by boosting the social security payroll tax by as much as $37 a year for each of the workers now paying such taxes . The social security payroll tax is now 6 per cent -- 3 per cent on each worker and employer -- on the first $4,800 of pay per year . The Kennedy plan alone would boost the base to $5,000 a year and the payroll tax to 6.5 per cent -- 3.25 per cent each . Similar payroll tax boosts would be imposed on those under the railroad retirement system . The payroll tax would actually rise to 7.5 per cent starting Jan. 1 , 1963 , if the plan is approved , because the levy is already scheduled to go up by 1 per cent on that date to pay for other social security costs . Outlays would increase Officials estimated the annual tax boost for the medical plan would amount to 1.5 billion dollars and that medical benefits paid out would run 1 billion or more in the first year , 1963 . Both figures would go higher in later years . Other parts of the Kennedy health plan would entail federal grants of 750 million to 1 billion dollars over the next 10 years . These would be paid for out of general , not payroll , taxes . Nursing home care The aged care plan carries these benefits for persons over 65 who are under the social security and railroad retirement systems : 1 Full payment of hospital bills for stays up to 90 days for each illness , except that the patient would pay $10 a day of the cost for the first nine days . 2 Full payment of nursing home bills for up to 180 days following discharge from a hospital . A patient could receive up to 300 days paid-for nursing home care under a `` unit formula '' allowing more of such care for those who use none or only part of the hospital-care credit . 3 Hospital outpatient clinic diagnostic service for all costs in excess of $20 a patient . 4 Community visiting nurse services at home for up to 240 days an illness . The President noted that Congress last year passed a law providing grants to states to help pay medical bills of the needy aged . Calls proposal modest He said his plan is designed to `` meet the needs of those millions who have no wish to receive care at the taxpayers' expense , but who are nevertheless staggered by the drain on their savings -- or those of their children -- caused by an extended hospital stay '' . `` This is a very modest proposal cut to meet absolutely essential needs '' , he said , `` and with sufficient ' deductible ' requirements to discourage any malingering or unnecessary overcrowding of our hospitals . `` This is not a program of socialized medicine . It is a program of prepayment of health costs with absolute freedom of choice guaranteed . Every person will choose his own doctor and hospital '' . Wouldn't pay doctors The plan does not cover doctor bills . They would still be paid by the patient . Apart from the aged care plan the President's most ambitious and costly proposals were for federal scholarships , and grants to build or enlarge medical and dental schools . The President said the nation's 92 medical and 47 dental schools cannot now handle the student load needed to meet the rising need for health care . Moreover , he said , many qualified young people are not going into medicine and dentistry because they can't afford the schooling costs . Contributions to schools The scholarship plan would provide federal contributions to each medical and dental school equal to $1,500 a year for one-fourth of the first year students . The schools could use the money to pay 4-year scholarships , based on need , of up to $2,000 a year per student . In addition , the government would pay a $1,000 `` cost of education '' grant to the schools for each $1,500 in scholarship grants . Officials estimated the combined programs would cost 5.1 million dollars the first year and would go up to 21 millions by 1966 . The President recommended federal `` matching grants '' totaling 700 million dollars in 10 years for constructing new medical and dental schools or enlarging the capacity of existing ones . More for nursing homes In the area of `` community health services '' , the President called for doubling the present 10 million dollar a year federal grants for nursing home construction . He asked for another 10 million dollar `` initial '' appropriation for `` stimulatory grants '' to states to improve nursing homes . He further proposed grants of an unspecified sum for experimental hospitals . In the child health field , the President said he will recommend later an increase in funds for programs under the children's bureau . He also asked Congress to approve establishment of a national child health institute . Asks research funds The President said he will ask Congress to increase grants to states for vocational rehabilitation . He did not say by how much . For medical research he asked a 20 million dollar a year increase , from 30 to 50 millions , in matching grants for building research facilities . The President said he will also propose increasing , by an unspecified amount , the 540 million dollars in the 1961-62 budget for direct government research in medicine . The President said his proposals combine the `` indispensable elements in a sound health program -- people , knowledge , services , facilities , and the means to pay for them '' . Reaction as expected Congressional reaction to the message was along expected lines . Legislators who last year opposed placing aged-care under the social security system criticized the President's plan . Those who backed a similar plan last year hailed the message . Senate Republican Leader Dirksen ( Ill. ) and House Republican Leader Charles Halleck ( Ind. ) said the message did not persuade them to change their opposition to compulsory medical insurance . Halleck said the voluntary care plan enacted last year should be given a fair trial first . House Speaker Sam Rayburn ( D. , Tex. ) called the Kennedy program `` a mighty fine thing '' , but made no prediction on its fate in the House . Washington , Feb. 9 -- Acting hastily under White House pressure , the Senate tonight confirmed Robert C. Weaver as the nation's federal housing chief . Only 11 senators were on the floor and there was no record vote . A number of scattered `` ayes '' and `` noes '' was heard . Customary Senate rules were ignored in order to speed approval of the Negro leader as administrator of the housing and home finance agency . In the last eight years , all Presidential appointments , including those of cabinet rank , have been denied immediate action because of a Senate rule requiring at least a 24 hour delay after they are reported to the floor . Enforce by demand The rule was enforced by demand of Sen. Wayne Morse ( D. , Ore. ) in connection with President Eisenhower's cabinet selections in 1953 and President Kennedy's in 1961 .

'Well, perhaps you haven't found it so yet,' said Alice; 'but when you
I haue an houres talke in store for you:
    and final!)
Thus, this carpenter was prepared at all points, and alike
On their impenitence; and shall return 
mustard seed, which, when it is sown in the earth, is less than all
Nor you, ye lost designs alone--nor failures, aspirations;
22:18 And the elders of that city shall take that man and chastise
  Macb. Thou art too like the Spirit of Banquo: Down:
Aye me! How weake a thing

The hell of war, the cruelties of creeds,
10:18 To judge the fatherless and the oppressed, that the man of the
34:25 And the prince of the tribe of the children of Zebulun,
How could he tell that he might not be making me in love with him?--

Boy, stand aside. Caius Ligarius, how?

ancestors, whom I brought forth out of the land of Egypt in the sight
for all, that they which live should not henceforth live unto

priest disdainfully.

94:8 Understand, ye brutish among the people: and ye fools, when will
shall be unclean.

or less impeding the vessel's way in the water; because of all this,
Evan stood and rolled his eyes in masculine bewilderment. Then
Jem, as he was sweeping away the litter, when he heard these last words,
then? even as a man who rides a horse is called a horseman?


11:17 Now in this that I declare unto you I praise you not, that ye
16:3 And these things will they do unto you, because they have not
27:39 And they that passed by reviled him, wagging their heads, 27:40
children of light. These things spake Jesus, and departed, and did
fruit-board devouring a fine gourd with prodigious greediness.  "Where,
unto her, saith the LORD.
thine head upon thee, and put on thy shoes upon thy feet, and cover
a minute or two the Caterpillar took the hookah out of its mouth
           *                    *                   *
agent with all the support you can get for him. Comrade Syme and


and his fortune, all directing him to a residence inexpensive,

as implying less.  He must love her.
20:11 And the man that lieth with his father's wife hath uncovered his
are sharp, and all their bows bent, their horses' hoofs shall be

against the city, and take it: lest I take the city, and it be called
Assaulted by voracious enemies,
it is not toward me as before; but the God of my father hath been with
    second or third to go,

consolation.
but she saw too much of it to feel a doubt of its overcoming any

The Book of the Prophet Jeremiah
thy God.

You can walk old man, though your eyes are almost done,
them alive, and get into the city.
reason why the decks never look so white as just after what they call
Thou enterest at thy entrance porch.
of the shows of things absent-mindedly, and in an irrelevant
connected with it, as the elder brother of Isabella's husband.
"Certainly I could have none.  But it appears--I should hope it would be
From branch to branch the smaller birds with song 
When I clutch'd your hand it was not with terror,
the whole company were equally lucky, if less dignified in their
Less hardy to endure?  Courageous Chief! 

8:10 When Jesus heard it, he marvelled, and said to them that
Mr. Cumberland Vane rolled about, laughing in a sort of relief.
of the party to be assembled there, consisting precisely of those
15:2 By which also ye are saved, if ye keep in memory what I preached
mountain apart to pray: and when the evening was come, he was there
"Gentlemen, are you drunk?  A duel!  A duel in my garden.  Go
gods and devils into a kind of self-assumed, independent being of its
perceive that it will be a very unfortunate one for Harriet.
revolvers, closely packed or interlocked.
LORD.
These beams and rafters are burned quite black like charcoal, except
Ahab him that pisseth against the wall, and him that is shut up and
At Doctor Middleton's school, there was a great tall dunce of the name of
Hardly had they pulled out from under the ship's lee, when a fourth
machinery for walling him up.  He is there.  I have looked through
shall be utterly destroyed.
I come no enemy, but to set free 
Meantime, there was a terrible tumult.  Looking over the side, they
So much the rather thou, celestial Light, 
Even Mr. Weston shook his head, and looked solemn, and said,

Inhabitant with God, now know I well 
your father, hath given you treasure in your sacks: I had your money.
the field at the time appointed with David, and a little lad with him.
received not the promise: 11:40 God having provided some better thing
Everybody has their taste in noises as well as in other matters;
"Let us have some drinks," said Dr. Bull, after a silence.
"My expressions startle you.  You must allow for an injured, angry woman.

Yet innocence, and virgin modesty, 
house to his.
42:19 Who is blind, but my servant? or deaf, as my messenger that I
for the gentlemen HAD supplied the discourse with some
"Mr Elliot," replied Mrs Smith, "at that period of his life,


23:19 Of the sons of Hebron; Jeriah the first, Amariah the second,
the dynamiters. I knew I couldn't be wrong about the mob," he said,
excellency of knowledge is, that wisdom giveth life to them that have

10:33 And they departed from the mount of the LORD three days'
Enchanting daughter, thus the silence broke. 
say me not nay. And the king said unto her, Ask on, my mother: for I
is in the waters, they shall be an abomination unto you: 11:11 They
How fully hast thou satisfied me, pure 
any thing less would certainly have been too little in a lover;
8:12 And he will appoint him captains over thousands, and captains

Vajezatha, 9:10 The ten sons of Haman the son of Hammedatha, the enemy
brother, the Tizite, 11:46 Eliel the Mahavite, and Jeribai, and
First: The mariner, when drawing nigh the coasts of foreign lands, if

mythology.  No, your worship.  You need not trouble to bind him
of his steps.
they come near unto thee.
that openeth the womb shall be called holy to the Lord;) 2:24 And to
22:9 Ye have seen also the breaches of the city of David, that they
question; and would then have fain boarded the stranger, when the
were symptoms of intelligence between them--he thought so at least--
forgive me instantly; but I must work on my father's compassion,
     Strikes me through and through.
and beginning to breathe very quick, and feel an hundred things
him: and the king of the north shall come against him like a
in happy ignorance of such a title.

God do unto all the people of whom thou art afraid.
Like cumbrous flesh; but, in what shape they choose, 

A thousand perfect men and women appear,

I never could see anything wrong about prize-fights.  As it is,
how could I--being left completely to myself at such a
thereof together, husbandmen, and they that go forth with flocks.
the same principle a row of fixed holes, quite close together,
'No, I didn't,' said Alice: 'I don't think it's at all a pity. I said
our enterprise.  I will engage on my side, like Elijah, to accept
23:14 And ye shall eat neither bread, nor parched corn, nor green
But it is not to acclaim his virtues that we are met, but for a
likewise.

persuasion of his being obliged to go to Randalls every day,
also to them which were with him?  2:27 And he said unto them, The
ministers of the sanctuary, which shall come near to minister unto the

longeth for your daughter: I pray you give her him to wife.
16:12 And I put a jewel on thy forehead, and earrings in thine ears,
adopted by two young people as poor and as kind as her own parents. She
"What shabby answer?" said Grant, with surprise; and Oakly repeated

Mankind with her fair looks, to be avenged 
Mahlah, Noah, and Hoglah, and Milcah, and Tirzah.
I pass my hands soothingly to and fro a few inches from them,
     "He has a key," explained their clerical friend.  "He's only gone

Over the sea; the sea his rod obeys; 
In the great Hand of God I stand, and thence,

ye shall pass over Jordan to go in to possess the land which the LORD

   Ham. Sir my good friend,
cubits the breadth of it, after the cubit of a man.

Every thought that flounders in me the same flounders in them.
Rossini's Stabat Mater dolorosa,
with compassion, though it had been entirely a match of affection,
thou knowest that I love thee. Jesus saith unto him, Feed my sheep.
1:25 The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with your spirit. Amen.
clear enough.  He certainly knew what was right, nor could she fix
sofa for a week together.  In Frank's last letter she complained,
that Moab is spoiled, 48:21 And judgment is come upon the plain
21:27 And it came to pass, when Ahab heard those words, that he rent
The Victorie fell on vs
And hunger both, from labour, at the hour 
ropes that tow dismasted frigates in a gale; and I may look so.  But
was left; for he hid himself.




always growing larger and smaller, and being ordered about by mice and
In old times, there seem to have prevailed the most curious fancies
  Macb. Who can be wise, amaz'd, temp'rate, & furious,
the ears of the people in the LORD's house upon the fasting day: and
Who this had seene, with tongue in Venome steep'd,
All hast thou spoken as my thoughts are, all 
6:3 If a man beget an hundred children, and live many years, so that
With sunburnt visage, with intense soul and glittering eyes,

Our modern wonders, (the antique ponderous Seven outvied,)
the guinea-hen.
and sing away, if thou must!
prick the wee Babe, and your tears are sticky."
of riches; with silver, iron, tin, and lead, they traded in thy fairs.
what I always say to young people?"

behold him solemnly sailing through a calm tropical sea; his vast,
Noise within. Enter Laertes.
Or solace his defects.  No need that thou 
but newly set the watch: and they blew the trumpets, and brake the
   Reynol. But my good Lord
   Hor. There's no offence my Lord
besides, that we might enquire of him?  22:8 And the king of Israel
THE GULLS OF SALT LAKE
bowed down their heads, and worshipped the LORD, and the king.
only of his behaviour;--and while his looks of anxious
16:25 And Moses said, Eat that to day; for to day is a sabbath unto
of the LORD gave you on the other side Jordan.

 Ah Sunflower, weary of time,
what quill did the Secretary of the Society for the Suppression of
The possibility of the young man's coming to Mrs. Goddard's
Gazzam, 2:49 The children of Uzza, the children of Paseah, the
What attractions are these beyond any before? what bloom more
and say unto him, I profess this day unto the LORD thy God, that I am
the acknowledgment of more than your reason.--Fortunate that your
though many women have done more.  I have crossed the Atlantic
4:14  Luke, the beloved physician, and Demas, greet you.
becalmed or windbound mariner is the skill that assures him he is
taken at its best, might reasonably please a young man who had more
And thus with peaceful words upraised her soon. 
encouraged him as much as possible to talk; for they had secret views,
There was he gaming, there o'retooke in's Rouse,

She sat an hour with me on Monday evening, and gave me the whole history."
With terrours, and with furies, to the bounds 

"You are obliged to work all day long for your daily bread," he would
the voice as that of Fairy Candide.
when you come to know me, and we shall have frequent opportunities of

Then, after a pause, as she stared with a rising colour at the
think that his huge brain is going a little mad in its old age. For

followed by matter-of-fact prose."
Thy wealthy daughter-states, Eastern and Western,
They were obliged to move.  Anne talked of being perfectly ready,
not reading those frigid inscriptions on the wall.  Whether any of
The golden sun, in splendour likest Heaven, 
and appear before God?
96:11 Let the heavens rejoice, and let the earth be glad; let the sea
not rivals, but friends, I hope," said she.  Cecilia clasped her hand;
of any defilement.  Turnbull's solitary soul surged up against
the same degree of ignorance, jealousy, or distrust.--On his side,

LORD our God. This is an ordinance for ever to Israel.
Jehu begat Azariah, 2:39 And Azariah begat Helez, and Helez begat
He swerve not, too secure:  Tell him withal 
"Oh! you amuse me excessively.  I am delighted to find that you
balconyful of gentlemen overlooking a bright and busy square; but
Mangled with ghastly wounds through plate and mail. 
neck, but shall not divide it asunder: 5:9 And he shall sprinkle of

53:5 There were they in great fear, where no fear was: for God hath
13:10 Thou shalt therefore keep this ordinance in his season from year
8:13 And thou shalt set the Levites before Aaron, and before his sons,
23:30 And when it was told me how that the Jews laid wait for the man,
many of his subjects."
sacrifice of peace offerings: and the priest shall make an atonement
to make it known that, however determined to go to Camden Place herself,
"Now, they tell me in the newspapers that you are really wanting
shall hear Jezreel.
2:5  For though I be absent in the flesh, yet am I with you in the spirit,

8:3 And he humbled thee, and suffered thee to hunger, and fed thee
(the same is Zoar;) and they joined battle with them in the vale of
persecuted, we suffer it: 4:13 Being defamed, we intreat: we are made


tomb-stones, and break the green damp mould with unfathomably
God, persuading them concerning Jesus, both out of the law of Moses,
from thence to town in a day or two.  Good bye."
as his cousin in the ways of cooks and gentlemen's servants, made no
Upbraided none; nor was his service hard. 
Oakly flew into a passion when he received such a message, declared it
out of humour before."

creation of the sun and moon. Here, however, they reckoned from
well ahead of him with passionate strides.  By the time they had
enough to do all we can for them, the rest is empty sympathy,
The police fell back to a few yards behind the car.  Turnbull took

 
Church we belong to something which is outside all of us; which
music.
"Oh, Leonora, how I love you! and how I wish to be like you!" exclaimed

8:39 They answered and said unto him, Abraham is our father. Jesus
'That depends a good deal on where you want to get to,' said the Cat.
Public once catches us up, the British Public will prevent the


therefore I will pour out my wrath upon them like water.
104:29 Thou hidest thy face, they are troubled: thou takest away their
for the substitute, as they call him.  Who knows, dearest mother, but we
at the west door and the east door, at the north door and the south,
and happiness, saw him, with amazement, remain the whole
"and so would you in my place.  If you were chased everywhere
The house was handsome, and handsomely fitted up,
the sailors on the forecastle.  He thinks he breathes it first; but
truth.
"Mr. Plumtree, Lieutenant.
Such pairs, in love and mutual honour joined? 
Israel brought in abundance the firstfruits of corn, wine, and oil,
Don't know where it is.
By our own quickening power, when fatal course 
manipulated ere going to the try-works, of which anon.


   Ophe. I was the more deceiued
Like a Colossus, and we petty men
always things for us to do that we CAN do well."
died also.
And sleepe in spight of Thunder.
deck, binnacle-watch in hand, so soon as the last second of the

The drama of the scalp-dance enacted with painted faces and guttural
5:1 Call now, if there be any that will answer thee; and to which of
towards them, only to be reassured by Turnbull, who (unlike many
off from the congregation of Israel, whether he be a stranger, or born


heart.
The Crofts took possession with true naval alertness, and were
salt?  13:6 Yet Jeroboam the son of Nebat, the servant of Solomon the

among the people.
time.  He was sitting on a bench before the fire, with his feet on
of the tropics.  But a closer examination of his attire would have
From what point of his compass to beware 
the mistress of a family, and the patroness of a village.
to have her curiosity gratified; but she was still obliged to wait,

like Mr. Elton, in fancying himself a very decided favourite.  If _she_
and he is quite gone?  3:25 Thou knowest Abner the son of Ner, that he
thee.

The kind villagers left their work and ran to the field to help him. But
gods, to provoke me to anger.
3:7 But Jesus withdrew himself with his disciples to the sea: and a
43:9 Now let them put away their whoredom, and the carcases of their
6:26 O daughter of my people, gird thee with sackcloth, and wallow

"Do not you think, Miss Woodhouse, our saucy little friend here is

     Thin she betho't hersel',
I shall decidedly recommend their bringing the barouche-landau;
Zechariah, and Benaiah, and Eliezer, the priests, did blow with the
That shine, yet bear their bright officious lamps, 
he was the chief speaker.
   Qu. I shall obey you,
might NOW venture so far as to profess some concern
one shall be taken, and the other shall be left.

You shall see hands at work at all the old processes and all the new ones,
the theatres and the restaurants.
and if that is the case, it must be highly expedient
decisive.  They dropped over a high breakwater farther on upon the
but that he is not without hope of my growing, in time, as worthy

with a smile, observed, "Humph! a fine complimentary opening:
against the children of Benjamin the second day.
till her father awoke, and made it necessary to be cheerful.
angry with us till thou hadst consumed us, so that there should be no
to be surprised about, and it did seem as if morning was a long way off!
the Age is growne so picked, that the toe of the Pesant
And leads the will to desperate Vndertakings,

neighbours, great of flesh; and hast increased thy whoredoms, to
the unexpected reappearance of his two other acquaintances

a child, must be a better judge of her character, and of how she
so full, of the importance of that object to her, as Elinor,
rope--like the Three Fates--remained inseparable, and Ahab moodily


    department, or in the daily papers or weekly papers,
   Caes The cause is in my Will, I will not come,
And these inferiour far beneath me set? 
that's a fact.  And I am about drenched with this spray.  Never mind;


me and my son, that we may eat it, and die.

than on any thing else.  Certain it was that she was to come;
civilities of the moment, with exquisite, though agitated sensations.
Captain Wentworth of the navy.  His sister married my tenant
Utter defeat upon me weighs--all lost--the foe victorious,
God?  2:4 Or despisest thou the riches of his goodness and forbearance
She had no natural connexions to assist her even with their counsel,
1:5 The mountains quake at him, and the hills melt, and the earth is
4:1 So king Solomon was king over all Israel.
6:39 And Gideon said unto God, Let not thine anger be hot against me,
then, she ate her cold meat; and then she was well enough
of consequence herself, he would have come I dare say; and it would
meat offering, and his drink offering.
   La. Did you send to him Sir?

hundred and five and thirty days.

 I told it not, my wrath did grow.
of knowing herself extremely useful there, both as an immediate companion,
will be committed. We have to trace the origin of those dreadful
whole course of their future lives.


greeted by a single spout; and then be suddenly saluted by what
capricious multitude their disdain of what they had so lately pronounced

pledge, hath spoiled none by violence, hath given his bread to the
They pass, I also pass, any thing passes, none can be interdicted,
now therefore consider what ye have to do.


commanded thee; 31:7 The tabernacle of the congregation, and the ark
Enter.
You can get up to date donation information online at:
The Tyrants people, on both sides do fight,
Mrs. T.  Your ladyship would not be surprised at this offer of my Louisa,

The secret'st man of Blood. What is the night?
unto thee.

but he said only these two words,
honourably celebrated for the lightness of his sentences and the
that were in the high gate of Benjamin, which was by the house of the
Captain Wentworth was folding up a letter in great haste, and either
prosper withersoever thou goest.
heart?  8:11 Can the rush grow up without mire? can the flag grow

according to their families, the cities and their villages.
106:23 Therefore he said that he would destroy them, had not Moses his
The struggle and the daring, rage divine for liberty,
the surprize was not softened by any satisfaction.  Mr. Elton
the title Vagrant; and, William, tell the cook that Mrs. Bustle promises

Created this new happy race of Men 
More than seven years were gone since this little history
disgusted with his mother, till they were more in private.
shall make the atonement, and shall put on the linen clothes, even the
him fairly out of the parish as soon as possible.  When you go home, you
the heaven the whole atmosphere of the city was turned to a very

bison; but, alas! only to fall into the hidden snare of the Indian.

"I hardly know," replied Captain Wentworth, surprised.
Vnto the Legions, on the other side.
"Donwell!" cried his wife.--"My dear Mr. E., you have not been

famous story. I offer it plainly as a story which children have liked,
shoulders.
dead; and, behold, he goeth before you into Galilee; there shall ye
that any body was in the room besides herself, was luckily
At the last plea of the ingenuous priest a chuckle broke out of him
6:7 And thou hast also appointed prophets to preach of thee at
"Yes, ma'am, I just see him leaning back in it,
people all round (rather to my surprise) seemed to remember them
"I shall not have any of those good things," said Jem.
   Qu. Came this from Hamlet to her

finished: and Solomon brought in all the things that David his father

Past in probation with you:
Christ.
that my illness to-day may be owing to it."
Remember it?  Aye, I remember it all now; all, except your saving

Mirthful Incident near Pilgrim's Pond." The paragraph went on:
3:12 Yea, and all that will live godly in Christ Jesus shall suffer
his papa. I think you littlest ones will like it; I do.
these lays were proportioned to the degree of importance pertaining
two young pigeons, and come before the LORD unto the door of the
whaleman.  But unlike Captain Peleg--who cared not a rush for what
navies of full-freighted worlds, there's that in here that still

Offended: fearless of reproach and scorn, 
22:2 And Balak the son of Zippor saw all that Israel had done to the


By false presumptuous hope, the ranged Powers 

7:5 It is better to hear the rebuke of the wise, than for a man to
I see the Tuscan going down the Arno, and the Venetian along the Po,

38:14 The hangings of the one side of the gate were fifteen cubits;
murmur against me.
22:5 And Jehoshaphat said unto the king of Israel, Enquire, I pray

Nor do I understand who there can be more wonderful than myself.
"But how will she know anything of the matter?  Run, run, and get it for
now be relinquished.  Still, however, affection was glad to catch

them, yet they have spoken lies against me.
In the upward air where their eyes turn,
Thou cluster free! thou brilliant lustrous one! thou, learning well,
that though it would make us miserable for a time,
drew plans of the capture of London on the desolate sand of
isles (in whose sweet woods mild lovers must be walking), and with

down her flamingo, and began an account of the game, feeling very glad
'Multitudes like thyself, and thence be called 
that, behold, thou seekest to go to thine own country? And he
because you have never been broken? We in revolt talk all kind of
About the World haue times twelue thirties beene,
beneath, 33:14 And for the precious fruits brought forth by the sun,
13:32 And Jonadab, the son of Shimeah David's brother, answered and
"I don't want him hurt, somehow," said Dr. Bull.
they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
Dry heat upon my brow?  Oh! time was, when as the sunrise nobly
I am sure I ought if I can, quite as much as Charles, for they want me
overshadow thee: therefore also that holy thing which shall be born of
4:11 And ye came near and stood under the mountain; and the mountain
of what would become of her children after she was gone.  Mary stopped
which nothing but a kind of prescience of what happiness I
 He is watching while they are in peace,
ambition.  And it would really mortify her to lose this prize--you know
her moments of imagining.
sharp as a two-edged sword.
running with his body bent and at a good mile-race trot.
whatever iron contrivances might be needed.
him.  "Stay!  Stand still, sir!" said he, "or you will break your china
blood, she shall be put apart seven days: and whosoever toucheth her

it, all over, with a quaintness both of material and device,
dark room. But Sunday must have killed him by now."

69:13 But as for me, my prayer is unto thee, O LORD, in an acceptable

Judah into the hand of the king of Babylon, and he shall carry them
Amen.
Which now like Fruite vnripe stickes on the Tree,
was looking out of the window of one of the chaises.  "Come close to the
What, in our House?
He could now, without the drawback of a single unpleasant surmise,

his stern was stuck full of marlinspikes, with the points out.  Says


be in the neck of thine enemies; thy father's children shall bow down
   Macd. I haue no words,

rest, the Lakeman affected not to notice him, but unawed, went on
Cash, and Patience!

And all who under me their banners wave, 

And euery one shall share i'th' gaines:


power over you, are not we rather?  Nevertheless we have not used this


one quick, conscious look at her.

The Biblic books and prophets, and deep idyls of the Nazarene,
near her, most deedily occupied about her spectacles, and Jane Fairfax,

one limb, and he did not seem by any means unworthy of the part
place thereof, and darkness shall pursue his enemies.
The lady lived but a very little way off, so that they were soon at her
The very first place that the City Mouse took the Country Mouse to see
to be quite perfect.  _She_ would notice her; she would improve her;
He thought the morning would never come; but when it was day, when he
103:17 But the mercy of the LORD is from everlasting to everlasting
modern to say so) that human nature in the highest places is still capable
13:5 And Lot also, which went with Abram, had flocks, and herds, and
souls of Russian serfs and Republican slaves but Fast-Fish, whereof
     "Do you mean the brigands?" he asked; and then, remembering
30:11 For I am with thee, saith the LORD, to save thee: though I make

Jesus Christ, the Father of glory, may give unto you the spirit of
in a man of known musical talent, was some proof."
He had a Feauer when he was in Spaine,
to see Captain Benwick."
"No: never saw such a book; heard of it, though.  But now, tell me,
heaven like a dove, and it abode upon him.
to offer an offering unto the LORD before the tabernacle of the LORD;
that be escaped of Benjamin, that a tribe be not destroyed out of

the whole world?  34:14 If he set his heart upon man, if he gather
   1. Peace ho

There's a Diuinity that shapes our ends,
should it have been accepted in the sight of the LORD?  10:20 And when

nothing.

an immediate disbelief of the assertion attended it.
Whoever accepts me he or she shall be blessed and shall bless me.
an infidel as to one of the most appalling, but not the less true
2:7 And the coast shall be for the remnant of the house of Judah; they
Mirth leaped from the harp. And when they heard that Music of Mirth, the
to accommodate her as far as I can.  Some little present
12:6 And there are diversities of operations, but it is the same God
know he's a mighty pleasant, fashionable young man when you come to know

to be the prize of a girl who would seek him?--Was it new for any
By your account, he does seem to have had some scruples.  It is
A man is a summons and challenge,
}  Turn O Libertad
I am in this earthly world: where to do harme
chastisement, I will not offend any more: 34:32 That which I see not
cheerfully employed," cried Emma.  "At this moment, perhaps, Mr. Elton
wrote up for leave of absence, but without waiting the return,
encouragement in my power.  Time, a very little time,
Confucius himself, the great poets and heroes, the warriors, the castes,
him; while the number who as yet had actually and knowingly given


man was rolling it in paper, she asked him several questions about Susan

In Heaven by many a towered structure high, 
the end of her life, as thoroughly as it appeared to have
at the Pond, where all the choicest guests were in a similar deshabille.


}  To the Garden the World


of God, but keep his commandments:

I will not be outfaced by irrational things,
Persuasively hath so prevailed, that I 
"Ay, if we can do THAT, Ma'am," said Elinor,
of good will: 1:16 The one preach Christ of contention, not sincerely,
122:1 I was glad when they said unto me, Let us go into the house of
me?
9:28 But after they had rest, they did evil again before thee:


    thither,
through what in old times must have been a great central chimney with
    on the corpse.
suffereth not their cattle to decrease.
unto all generations.
Nor thine on me.
selfe: but indeed, if you finde him not this moneth, you

drummer only waited for her ladyship's signal; and the archers' corps
with the solid French scepticism, that there was no conceivable
'Once upon a time there were three little sisters,' the Dormouse began
40:11 Likewise when all the Jews that were in Moab, and among the
changed into alarm in another moment, when she found that her shoulders
3:7 Now Samuel did not yet know the LORD, neither was the word of the
fight against them, they gathered all that were able to put on armour,
Tree_.
Eleazar begat Matthan; and Matthan begat Jacob; 1:16 And Jacob begat
And with a herculean energy he forced the monk backwards out of
Be all this as it may, his voice was now often heard hailing the
He made no answer; merely looked, and bowed in submission; and soon

She found, however, that it was one to which she must inure herself.
envy me.  You don't know what it is to have eightpence.  You never had
is as capable as any of us of forming a just opinion of Mrs. Elton.
in that article as Archer was INDULGED--the bribe that he found himself
showed his chest and arms.  As I live, these covered parts of him
"With Mr. Turnbull," said Vane.
Enter Malcolme and Seyward.
I dream'd that was the new city of Friends,
lot of 'em up there. If I wasn't afraid that some one would see me, I'd
me not a ruler of the people.
husband heard it, and held his peace at her in the day that he heard
down the side of it, and called to Miss Barlow in the same loud,
head, and burn it on the altar; and the blood thereof shall be wrung
descriptions? Each man of you finds Sunday quite different, yet
she had other claims.  She had been for three months
strove against Moses and against Aaron in the company of Korah, when
men.

15:13 And Samuel came to Saul: and Saul said unto him, Blessed be thou
13:42 And if there be in the bald head, or bald forehead, a white
them, and rejoiced, believing in God with all his house.
of Daggoo.
sand, as smooth and wet as the neck of the sea serpent, ran out
ye mates, I do appoint ye three cupbearers to my three pagan kinsmen

them. But no one knew who it was that brought the beautiful feeling. And
How very differently we feel!--Not think they will do each other any
Where armies lie encamped, come flying, lured 

And to those Thornes that in her bosome lodge,
laughable about him, be sure there is more in that man than you
Suddenly, with a little cry, he saw it and ran forward.  A few
visitation they shall perish.
really was his face--an awful, eyeless face staring at me! And I

17:16 But he shall not multiply horses to himself, nor cause the

Bend your proud neck to the long-off mother now sending messages
or with us."
unto our brethren every where, that are left in all the land of
7:15 Now mine eyes shall be open, and mine ears attent unto the prayer

itself, a problem to the learned.  Though the word ambergris is but
Whether that which appears so is so, or is it all flashes and specks?
"No, no; you were better employed.  You need not tell me that you
Reu lived after he begat Serug two hundred and seven years, and begat

"I never heard any thing of the kind hinted at before,
from the now tranquil boat.  For that strange spectacle observable in

Emma laughed and disclaimed.  He continued,
shalt surely overtake them, and without fail recover all.
side, Gad a portion.

distinctive appellation of the White Whale; a name, indeed, literally


4:50 Jesus saith unto him, Go thy way; thy son liveth. And the man
be bound in heaven: and whatsoever ye shall loose on earth shall be

So told as earthly notion can receive. 
Leads up to Heaven, is both the way and guide; 

and a line of twelve cubits did compass either of them about.

106:47 Save us, O LORD our God, and gather us from among the heathen,
that was broken down.
and this misconstruction produced within a day
Whatever doing, what can we suffer more, 

leavened.

your brother-in-law?"  (Loud and prolonged laughter.)
deepest reveries--stand that man on his legs, set his feet a-going,
4:14 And the anger of the LORD was kindled against Moses, and he said,
Moderate strength is shown in violence, supreme strength is shown


and so, away she went to your sister, who was sitting all

"Eat them:  you'll find them very good, I hope," said Francisco, with a

17:4 And some of them believed, and consorted with Paul and Silas; and

Clock

what the land perisheth and is burned up like a wilderness, that none
spirits by talking of the next day's cock-fight.  It was agreed that as
determined rushing sort of energy and vigor, that should quickly
30:18 And therefore will the LORD wait, that he may be gracious unto

make me a compliment of it last Seraphtide was twelvemonth."
21:26 They shall lie down alike in the dust, and the worms shall cover
Of hard-fought engagements or sieges tremendous what deepest remains?


12:40 Be ye therefore ready also: for the Son of man cometh at an hour
she continued, `that I was taught wrong.  Do not let any reflection
CHAPTER XIX
the carriage was carrying him. He saw that they passed the stone
to promote--she could not expect to influence the latter
regiment of soldiers, who had pointed their bayonets at him.  But that
like thoughtlessness, do we nowadays fly under the same jaws for
     The Duke, however stimulated, had the instincts of an aristocrat,
CHAPTER 24
wayside. (A banyan tree is a kind of fruit tree.)
}  I Sit and Look Out
shall not rise: therefore hast thou visited and destroyed them, and
tree that will not rot; he seeketh unto him a cunning workman to
inhuman like, out o' the way, scandalous charge, if King George and all
17:8 And thou shalt say unto them, Whatsoever man there be of the
At first, that Angel should with Angel war, 


of a welcome; and accordingly I spent the greatest part
Then, hand-over-hand, down the other part, the Indian drops through
that there was not one spot upon the facings.  "Nobody," said he, "will

But sing poet in our name,
of a huge, dark orb or sphere, islanded in a sea of cloud.  The


midnight, we would fain snatch some sweet solace from him, we gaze
And will not palter? And what other Oath,
11:22 By faith Joseph, when he died, made mention of the departing of
"I beg your pardon, madam, this is your seat;" and though she immediately
altogether of an irregular, random aspect.  I should say that those
he shall be good. Of what use will it be to him to be beautiful, rich,


I will requite your loues; so fare ye well:
had not been very short.  Then I remembered that beyond these
Then most conspicuous when great things of small, 
If these magnifick titles yet remain 
'I'm afraid I can't put it more clearly,' Alice replied very politely,
deal worse than I have ever done since, even from the greatest
Both combatants had thrown off their coats and waistcoats, and
by way of general convenience.  They had arrived late the night before.
This annual humbling certain numbered days, 
1:13 Then spake Haggai the LORD's messenger in the LORD's message unto
Rankly abus'd: But know thou Noble youth,


"a throat very much inflamed, with a great deal of heat about her,
"Doesn't it seem as if everything were being upset?" said he;
there is she.
mountain in Portugal (near whose top there was said to be a lake in
But, lest his heart exalt him in the harm 
Job said, It may be that my sons have sinned, and cursed God in their
of the Ear, amplified from Finn's first letter, and then the substance
of Hemath unto the river of the wilderness.
    and past law,
She was answered in the negative.  "Are you quite sure
Why you proceeded not against these feates,
As some huge ship freighted to water's edge thou ridest into port,
39:13 Yea, all the people of the land shall bury them; and it shall be
hunters and trappers of the West, when the far west (in whose sunset
18:8 Jesus answered, I have told you that I am he: if therefore ye

than a quarter of an hour spent in Mrs. Bates's parlour, with all

for he filled Jerusalem with innocent blood; which the LORD would not
through just as the door was closing. It shut behind him, and he was in
  Qu. Ah my good Lord, what haue I seene to night?
THE MAN IN SPECTACLES
unanswerable.  And indeed they scarcely spoke another word to
Weights of lead, how ye clog and cling at my ankles,
all as it was before.
19:25 (And they said unto him, Lord, he hath ten pounds.)  19:26 For I
only was in mute astonishment.--That a man who might have spent
And would not take their part? Sinfull Macduff,
offering unto the LORD for his separation, beside that that his hand
but what had had some education--and been very well brought up.
Concurred not to my being, it were but right 
unto his people: 32:51 Because ye trespassed against me among the
when you come to sit down before a meat-pie nearly one hundred feet
lawn ?"
till Mr. Woodhouse came into the room; her vanity had then a change
gang of you; so," added he, pressing heavily upon Hardy's shoulder, "down
15:23 In the fiftieth year of Azariah king of Judah Pekahiah the son

he be very wroth, then be sure that evil is determined by him.
he had picked the pocket before he levied the blackmail?"
and she too little.
The dissipated youth who had called himself Dalroy had a horribly quiet
48:32 O vine of Sibmah, I will weep for thee with the weeping of
Forthwith his former state and being forgets-- 
Quakeress's knitting-needles fifty miles at sea from Nantucket;
The music seemed to be near the spot where the children were standing,
I'd show away ahead thy real Union, and how it may be accomplish'd.
conceive me.
into the palace of the high priest.

Perhaps just at present he may be undecided; the smallness
shared their never-ending meal, and the shrill voice of the Queen

off match-making."
12:16 The trespass money and sin money was not brought into the house
was he in the least avaricious, for though he was not rich, he had enough
for the theft he alone could have noticed.  And that, by the way,
said.
Had he the Motiue and the Cue for passion

"Oh! how good it sounds!" said Margery. "I should love a salad garden."
24:4 He shall order the lamps upon the pure candlestick before the


with him vessels of silver, and vessels of gold, and vessels of brass:
according to their armies: and the captain of the sons of Ephraim

consequence of being kept in a dark locker of the cabin.  Of such a
18:15 It shall dwell in his tabernacle, because it is none of his:
friend to nibble for himself.
was both quick and exact in executing commissions.
I believe the likes of you are to stand or fall with the likes of
5:13 He taketh the wise in their own craftiness: and the counsel of
money that has been given to us in the village this May morning.  At
the power of God. For we also are weak in him, but we shall live with
after their kind, and every thing that creepeth upon the earth after
She with thin form presently drest in black,
   La. Thinke of this good Peeres
our God, to go and serve the gods of these nations; lest there should
slay thou not: for I will not justify the wicked.
the sweep-gate, "will be to find myself safe at Hartfield again."

11:4 And the mixt multitude that was among them fell a lusting: and
And limitless are leaves stiff or drooping in the fields,
Landlord (drinks).  Mrs. Newington, Mr. Newington drinks your health; for

the ship Jonas in the Whale, Peter Peterson of Friesland, master."
His bursting passion into plaints thus poured. 
would Louisa--what would everybody think of me, if the truth were known?"
For you they call, the swaying mass, their eager faces turning;
gay, neat printed linens and calicoes.

Elinor would not speak.  He repeated the inquiry with
Against your selfe. I know you are no Truant:
hundred and twenty talents, and brought it to king Solomon.
rebellious house, will I say the word, and will perform it, saith the
So the little Gingerbread Boy jumped on his nose.
quantity of blood in him, and so distant and numerous its interior


7:4 And when they came to Jesus, they besought him instantly, saying,
  2 Appar. Macbeth, Macbeth, Macbeth
1:5 For the transgression of Jacob is all this, and for the sins of
32:33 And Moses gave unto them, even to the children of Gad, and to
that were with him: and when David came near to the people, he saluted

Be you content to lend your patience to vs,
Love's harbinger, appeared; then, all in heat 
LORD, the Creator of the ends of the earth, fainteth not, neither is
him, and he turn away his wrath from him.
day, neither do ye any work, but hallow ye the sabbath day, as I
elders of Israel, 4:9 If we this day be examined of the good deed done

Communicating male and female light; 
   Ophe. Good my Lord,
Gentlemen, to you the first honors always!
who met her husband's sisters without any affection,

And now to-morrow, cook, when we are cutting in the fish, be sure
had also run away with the cutting-spade in him; and while the free
watereth; but God that giveth the increase.

and for looking after those things which are coming on the earth: for
my spirit, saith the LORD of hosts.
26:6 I will wash mine hands in innocency: so will I compass thine
it.
"Oh! yes, my dear, I dare say you might, because you know, the door
the means of gaining his livelihood honestly.


Ithuriel and Zephon, with winged speed 
open; and put them in an earthen vessel, that they may continue many

second poet of Saffron Park. For a long time the red-haired
25:10 And they shall make an ark of shittim wood: two cubits and a
I will sing, yea, I will sing praises unto the LORD.
Empress of this fair world, resplendent Eve! 
Reddy Fox rolled his lips back in an unpleasant grin. "Don't be too
No sooner was his father's funeral over, than Mrs. John
love and unexampled passion could not fail of having some effect,
of an affectionate brother to both.  Twice did I leave

you see what they dared to say?  I didn't understand it at first.
So saying he dismissed them; they with speed 

The Prophet.
violence to the stranger, the fatherless, nor the widow, neither shed

only too pleased to think so!  She's been at me," and he tossed his tousled
time has long ago destroyed all its ingenuity."
Freedom, language, poems, employments, are you and me,
and this seemed to increase a satisfaction that already touched

Posterity stands cursed:  Fair patrimony 
day weak, though anointed king; and these men the sons of Zeruiah be
A Couch for Luxury and damned Incest.

thy sight: and consider that this nation is thy people.
Who chafes, who frets, or where Conspirers are:
any in this Assembly, any deere Friend of Caesars, to him
a common soul in him, he had a subtle something that somehow
conceive, that Jacob laid the rods before the eyes of the cattle in
about the ball I mean," said she, "because a lady in Shrewsbury, a friend

Flew off, and into strange vagaries fell, 
     "I mean daggers aren't the only things with short blades.
symmetrical mouthfuls, remains a part of the universal problem of all
Sixteen years had Miss Taylor been in Mr. Woodhouse's family,
and Father Brown, whether from the mere touch of dry land, or the interest

always see her neat, and with her mother, ma'am, or fit people, as a girl
stove to splinters; thy very leg once more snatched from under thee;
won't ask us any more this bout.  Good-by; I am sorry
he had never heard there was such a thing as that.  But, perhaps, to
than any sitting down could do her good;" and, in short,
finds a man under his bed in a top hat, you will agree with me, 
they may be ashamed of their iniquities: and let them measure the
and an house for his kingdom.

With branches lopt, in wood or mountain felled,) 

promising an event should so soon have falsified the evil portents

there will be draughts in the passage, though every thing has
he had told Harriet that he had seen them go by, and had purposely
glistening white membrane, glossy as bridal satins.
12:8 Moreover the Levites: Jeshua, Binnui, Kadmiel, Sherebiah, Judah,
myself.
"Oh, make up your damned mind and clear out!"
17:17 Then Jesus answered and said, O faithless and perverse
the same instant.  They saluted each other with civility,
Fight, and young Seyward slaine.
     remember, as will Edward too, who I have told of

that they will neither eat nor drink till they have killed him: and

Are you acquainted with Mr. Robert Ferrars?  Can you be?"
would inspire the London clerk or workman just now?  Perhaps that
grieved for her more and more, and looked around eager to discover
O forenoon purple of the hills, before I close, of you!
secure its free end in his grasp, leaving the rest unobstructed.
The bright suns I see and the dark suns I cannot see are in their place,

The Lion above shook his mane again and growled again, and made a
it is a tree of life.
The delightful family party which Emma was securing for herself,
"At Salt Hill, his Majesty, with his usual affability, took upon himself

with a bang, and in came the cook to get some flour.
office of governess, the mildness of her temper had hardly allowed
So under fiery cope together rushed 

eat except barley and grain.

40:3 And thou shalt put therein the ark of the testimony, and cover
Why this same strict and most obseruant Watch,
on like giants' palms outspread.  The strong, unstaggering breeze

48:24 And by the border of Benjamin, from the east side unto the west
I don't care whether you laugh or no--not I.  Now you have got Lord John
24:25 The brother of Michah was Isshiah: of the sons of Isshiah;
refreshed, and was well, and the evil spirit departed from him.
Thou, Washington, art all the world's, the continents' entire--not
   Ham. You cannot Sir take from me any thing, that I
From the hard hands of Peazants, their vile trash
right" was forgotten, and each said to himself, "To be sure, Archer is a
one moment what a more animated look had intimated the preceding
pursuit so full of rage and wildness as the bloody hunt of whales.

20:9 Save, LORD: let the king hear us when we call.
Such be the thought I'd think of thee America,
she should not try to hear it; yet she caught little very remarkable.
some part of every winter there; and to the very great satisfaction
They will never to me be any thing, nor do I like money,
"Robert Martin has no great loss--if he can but think so; and I
Carols of lonesome love! death's carols!

And oft, though wisdom wake, suspicion sleeps 
satisfaction, thought Flask, have for ever departed from my stomach.
unto them, Go ye also into the vineyard; and whatsoever is right, that
one grand feature.  For example,--after a weary and perilous chase
38:15 And for the other side of the court gate, on this hand and that

while plunged in deep thought, after six cups of hot tea in my thin
from their houses.  They crowded round Jem to hear the story.  The
and I am so unfortunate, that I have not a creature whose
   Cassi. Then with your will go on: wee'l along
pestilence, in the land, and the angel of the LORD destroying
I about?  Did I understand rightly what he said about poniards?
at all desirable.

36:36 And Hadad died, and Samlah of Masrekah reigned in his stead.
saying, Whosoever cometh not forth after Saul and after Samuel, so
12:1 And Job answered and said, 12:2 No doubt but ye are the people,
The Secretary reared back in a kind of equine anger.
Taunt my dizzy ears and beat me violently over the head with whip-stocks.
Our knocking ha's awak'd him: here he comes
to take a pride in our hero's success and good conduct.  He was not one
    clear his decks.
he had done nothing.  On that article, truth seemed attainable.
that she could still do without the writer, and that he must learn
"My idea of good company, Mr Elliot, is the company of clever,
you prepared in the presence of that card to deny that you are in
continual burnt offering, and the meat offering of it, and their drink
3:15 And Solomon awoke; and, behold, it was a dream. And he came to
the outer convex mould of it.  From its relative situation then, I
I said before.
reprimand on the subject five or six times every day.
The weight of mightiest monarchies; his look 
'Yes, it IS his business!' said Five, 'and I'll tell him--it was for
liked to give me, from any instance I came across.  Here is an
22:6 Behold, the princes of Israel, every one were in thee to their
with a recommendation from his former captain to Captain Wentworth."
of applications; every body was anxious to be in her family,
43:4 Since thou wast precious in my sight, thou hast been honourable,


without altering his tone.

not to say exactly as he had said at dinner,
an excessively pretty woman, beautiful.  "He longed to see her.

for Wise men know well enough, what monsters you
different sizes in a day is very confusing.'

     How can I keep a sunny soul
the shilling round several times, he pronounced, "that, as far as his
and those who had not been examined by him.  The medical evidence
and concern for the pain you are inflicting as propriety requires,
And never but in unapproached light 
The blazing fire at night, the sweet taste of supper, the talk, the
The Colonel sprang out of the car with an intolerant exclamation.

    the main-top,
I know Marianne's heart: I know that she dearly loves me,

what he is doing," said Billy Mink.
thousand.
71:4 Deliver me, O my God, out of the hand of the wicked, out of the
Dabareh with her suburbs, 21:29 Jarmuth with her suburbs, Engannim
bring thee word: for Herod will seek the young child to destroy him.
hot thunderbolts.
5:2 And the Syrians had gone out by companies, and had brought away

Down he descended straight; the speed of Gods 


The scent of these arm-pits aroma finer than prayer,
to attempt a reconciliation, though not exactly
with his family at Lyme for the winter; of their being therefore,
39:11 When thou with rebukes dost correct man for iniquity, thou
"THE RIGHT."  It would have taken up too much time to examine what "THE

this invitation," was Emma's conclusion.  "She must be under some
took him out of her bosom, and carried him up into a loft, where he
12:14 These were of the sons of Gad, captains of the host: one of the

6:16 And as the ark of the LORD came into the city of David, Michal
rather too much her own way, and a disposition to think a little
     "I don't think I understand," I answered.
round which red pepper, lemons, brown bread and butter, etc.,
by turns, in which their figures first swelled into sunlight and

Pass'd to its charnel vault, coffin'd with crown and armor on,
place again. Thus they did day by day, and gathered money in
they were entering a sort of scattered village.  One or two
loins.

the land of them that carried them captives, saying, We have sinned,
your head? that's the strangest, oddest fancy.  Of no consequence!


37:3 And he said unto me, Son of man, can these bones live? And I
his X mark.
And hath not oppressed any, but hath restored to the debtor his
   Where my Sunflower wishes to go!
towards _him_, she should frequently be governed by the nephew,
Gizonite, Jonathan the son of Shage the Hararite, 11:35 Ahiam the son
"I am very glad, indeed, my dear, to hear she is to be so
Will either quite consume us, and reduce 

The boat was now all but jammed between two vast black bulks, leaving


when they have heard the word, immediately receive it with gladness;
   Kin. No place indeed should murder Sancturize;


 Who present, past, and future, sees;
where the sitters-by were collected, spoke to some, and walked about

were not you?"
several hours to give sedateness to her spirits, or any
and tried very often to recollect something worth their putting in.
a destroying wind; 51:2 And will send unto Babylon fanners, that shall


and that you didn't want anybody else to know. And suppose you had the
Is it excepted, I should know no Secrets
All her original brightness, nor appeared 
her preparing to write.)  You know your own concerns best.
"Your heart was set mightily on these shells, Rosetta."
Kinde Soules, what weepe you, when you but behold
grounds.--NOW will you listen to me?"
In God's eternal store, to circumscribe 

He was the intimate friend of my dear husband, who trusted and loved him,
34:26 And the prince of the tribe of the children of Issachar, Paltiel

Of what he had then written, nothing was to be retracted or qualified.
Me some inferiour Angel, I had stood 
returned in the evening, and saw Ben playing with his little cousin, he


Erewhile perplexed with thoughts, what would become 
brethren, as well as unto you, and until they also possess the land
a day.
3:18 I said in mine heart concerning the estate of the sons of men,
the king, and of his sons, with the officers, and with the mighty men,
sold them into the hand of Chushanrishathaim king of Mesopotamia: and
Cumberland; and as I say, old boy, what have you done with my
Another pause ensued; Marianne was greatly agitated,
was before her;--and as for their mother, when Mrs. Jennings
by the flame of the new-lit lamp.
he said, "I think I will go home. I'd rather have barley and grain to
1:21 Now he which stablisheth us with you in Christ, and hath anointed
  Ser. Sir, Octauius is already come to Rome

the rag of a possibility of either of the boxers being killed."
like the look of the thing at all. 'But perhaps it was only sobbing,'
A military vest of purple flowed, 

5:18 Woe unto you that desire the day of the LORD! to what end is it
Gorgeous clouds of the sunset! drench with your splendor me, or the
"I cannot believe that he has not the power of coming, if he made
So spake the false Arch-Angel, and infused 

salvation, it was needful for me to write unto you, and exhort you

thy servant hath found grace in thy sight, and thou hast magnified thy

Or lose your Heart; or your chast Treasure open
but in vain; and that being the case, thought it best to accept
Glamis hath murther'd Sleepe, and therefore Cawdor
Betwixt Astrea and the Scorpion sign, 
that day all their inheritance had not fallen unto them among the
He threatens ruin with his ponderous tail.

Emma thanked him, but could not allow of his disappointing his
The Coarse they follow, did with disperate hand,
Haply the brutish measureless human undergrowth I know,
and he that revealeth secrets maketh known to thee what shall come to
according to their divisions; 12:8 In the mountains, and in the
"Perry easy, kill-e; oh! perry easy!
modern meanness to which Syme could not sink even in his extreme
sons, and his sons' sons, even four generations.

or her fortune small, I can suppose that she might

had covered her face.
righteousness: let the earth open, and let them bring forth salvation,
14:7 Nevertheless these ye shall not eat of them that chew the cud, or
land for him, and thou shalt bring in the fruits, that thy master's
25:29 For, lo, I begin to bring evil on the city which is called by my


She was most sorrowfully indignant; ashamed of every sensation
and for a month or two the main purpose of the British Empire was
"Oh, my precious, precious friend, if you will, you can save my life!"
from slipping, as the ship pitches and lurches about.  Meanwhile, the


established.
3:5 And the greater house he cieled with fir tree, which he overlaid

The others did not understand his words, but when they looked back
The little Jackal was very fond of shell-fish. He used to go down by the
hanging upon his arm, chanced to see Piedro seated in this melancholy

it: and the covering narrower than that he can wrap himself in it.
Gumme: and that they haue a plentifull locke of Wit,



you water out of this rock?  20:11 And Moses lifted up his hand, and
Who were towed out of sight by a Whale,

The young are beautiful--but the old are more beautiful than the young.
ephah of this parched corn, and these ten loaves, and run to the camp
saidst, Fear not.


beaming at them all with a sinister benignity, "has been found to
The following chants each for its kind I sing.

Talb.  An honest farmer, and a good natured landlord, who would come here
24:25 And as he reasoned of righteousness, temperance, and judgment to
Of battle, open when, and when to close 

them, which I command thee this day, to love the LORD thy God, and to
any farther inquiry.  Elinor said no more; it immediately
souls: for Joseph was in Egypt already.

and said, Sirs, ye should have hearkened unto me, and not have loosed

(whereby he seemed to be scorching them badly), he at last succeeded
Bear me indeed as through the regions infinite,
She sits in an armchair under the shaded porch of the farmhouse,

Ages back in ghostly millions frowning there behind us urging,
in Marianne's imagination; and in the forenoon of the third
mercies of the wicked are cruel.
the children of Israel that which he was commanded.

of much amusement to both her daughters, and perceiving
help me out of THIS!' (Sounds of more broken glass.)
and the meeting, therefore, never got abroad."
off the land whither thou goest to possess it.

messengers of God, and despised his words, and misused his prophets,

person, and well favoured.

went up in it to a bit of glass stuck against the wall, and I never
so shaded off into the surrounding infinite of things, that it seemed
Belteshazzar, according to the name of my God, and in whom is the
went on.
heirs of salvation?  2:1 Therefore we ought to give the more earnest
it.  I hope to see many Christmas doings yet, Mrs. Bustle.  And so our
famine shall not be in this land; By sword and famine shall those
tent, and smote it that it fell, and overturned it, that the tent lay
hurt the baby Larks. So every day, when she went out for food, she told

Turn the bed-clothes toward the foot of the bed,
Uprising in the night, it sprouts, blooms,

     "I cannot imagine," said Muscari, rubbing up his black hair
got 'em so wrong without knowing about 'em.  You have to know
of mental endowments and a high public character; but in this country
"I confess," replied Elinor, "that every circumstance
certain things which happened after Isabella and Caroline went to Dublin.
little seed from the beginning, and are full of plant food. They don't

wait, that he die; 35:21 Or in enmity smite him with his hand, that he
1:43 And Jonathan answered and said to Adonijah, Verily our lord king
shall rest upon him, the spirit of wisdom and understanding, the
Lord Pooley's experiment; he had the Sicilian Singers down at Christmas,
Wharf-hemm'd cities, railroad and steamboat lines intersecting all points,

horrible tempest: this shall be the portion of their cup.

Ledyard did, or the taking a long solitary walk on an empty stomach,
up again. This devil from whom he had been fleeing all day was only
hopped and sang, and found himself outside a fenced garden. There
I must preserve that look as it beam'd on you rivers of Brooklyn.
Mr. Knightley, were to be transported and placed all at once in

Our Soueraigne Processe, which imports at full
side of the house were set apart for the reception of guests who desired
flesh.
do not lie unto thine handmaid.

It was a little fever of admiration; but it might, probably must,
Oft in her absence mimick Fancy wakes 
"Stop your grinning," shouted I, "and why didn't you tell me that
     "Father Brown?" she said.
look what a nice cord this is, and yours is the same:  it's a pity to cut
will sell your sons and your daughters into the hand of the children
 And thy Maker is not year.

corner to see whether Dr. Bull has gone to bed. He is hygienic,
with some ferocity.  "Explain yourself; go on."
the LORD do unto all the kingdoms whither thou passest.
whistlingly gathers up the coil of the warp in one hand, so as to
David had a chance to kill the king, he forbore to harm him; but even
9:42 And it came to pass on the morrow, that the people went out into


11:30 For this cause many are weak and sickly among you, and many

Emma smiled and answered--"My visit was of use to the nervous part
77:3 I remembered God, and was troubled: I complained, and my spirit
The field-sprouts of Fourth-month and Fifth-month became part of him,

it would be better for her to marry YOU than be single."


for they are confounded, for they are brought unto shame, that seek my
The earth never tires,
For a space the old man walked the deck in rolling reveries.  But
6:2 Then the twelve called the multitude of the disciples unto them,
To quit him with this arme? And is't not to be damn'd

take it, and likewise his scrip: and he that hath no sword, let him

"Only to arm myself with knowledge enough to help you, if ever
33:10 And Jacob said, Nay, I pray thee, if now I have found grace in
full in his face like the crash of a cannon-ball; staggered,
yours, but God's.
7:48 And he said unto her, Thy sins are forgiven.
I am afraid, to thinke what I haue done:
sword that I will send among them.
I have so luckily been let off?"

4:10 Be in pain, and labour to bring forth, O daughter of Zion, like a
he could not but observe, was unfavourable to a nervous disorder:--

sailor should sleep two in a bed, more than anybody else; for sailors
mortified that she had no good news to tell Anne and Peggy, who she knew
all these things be done.
So she poked her head through; and she was in the midst of a beautiful
(So firm--so liquid-soft--again that tremulous, manly timbre!
She left her seat, she would go; one half of her should not be always
told you, hee put it by once: but for all that, to my thinking,
And of each of us O soldiers, and of each and all in the ranks we fought,
neither party had any difficulty in finding seconds, strangers as

Degraded, to what wretched state reserved! 
the Downs on the first of September, and after the race, there's to be an
pirates and privateers, though following the sea as highwaymen the
avenue of limes, which stretching beyond the garden at an equal



He was giving Harriet information as to modes of agriculture, etc.
which sprawled goggle-eyed fishes and outrageous tropical birds,
and so I thought you knew.  When we talked about him, it was as clear

families....  Utter confusion exists among the historians of this
Trusters of men and women, observers of cities, solitary toilers,
I wonder what curacy he will get!--Good gracious!

Because I perceive it waits, and has been always waiting, latent in all men.

inquire into all the particulars from him.  Then, after we have seen him
The Mississippian and Arkansian yet with me, and I yet with any of them,
pleasant to you, Emma--and it is very far from pleasant to me;
36:31 And he made bars of shittim wood; five for the boards of the one

words before the LORD in Mizpeh.
with your summer-house in order to arrange our..."
restrain wisdom to thyself?  15:9 What knowest thou, that we know not?
offering.
Lucy.  But it won't trouble me at all--I mean, I wish to hear it; so tell


"Well, really, really!" said the peacemaker.


17:31 And when the words were heard which David spake, they rehearsed
to say, "Your uniform makes no difference in my opinion of you."
  Macb. Thou was't borne of woman;
10:14 And Saul's uncle said unto him and to his servant, Whither went
Here Mrs Smith paused a moment; but Anne had not a word to say,
all its feet at once, with a yelp of delight, and rushed at the stick,
"Yes, yes, I understand you.  But there is nothing at all of that nature

to say you forgot, but only I thought, perhaps, you might not
thy people, that they should be plagued.

said, Set on bread.
near Bristol, stared me in the face.  I knew the name, the place,
give to Jerusalem one that bringeth good tidings.
honour not his father or his mother, he shall be free. Thus have ye

sea; it cannot be quiet.
but his bright, hawk-like, brown eyes.  Under the wall Father Brown
and added with a kind of sob, 'I've tried every way, and nothing seems
suppose we'd better give you a seat in the meeting?"
18:16 And Joab blew the trumpet, and the people returned from pursuing
32:42 For thus saith the LORD; Like as I have brought all this great
they despised my judgments, and walked not in my statutes, but

streets: he shall slay thy people by the sword, and thy strong
THE SHIP ELIZA
7:15 And I will cast you out of my sight, as I have cast out all your
for twice its value.  It has my name written withinside of it, Dominicho,
earth, and causeth them to wander in a wilderness where there is no
"Queequeg," said I softly through the key-hole:--all silent.  "I say,
Its poems, churches, arts, unwitting to themselves, destined with
doctrine.
his hair, which came off easily.
Borne through the hollow dark, assaults his ear 

and considering the alliances which the Musgroves have made,

"If you please, ma'am," said Barbara, sullenly; "I have nothing more to
77:13 Thy way, O God, is in the sanctuary: who is so great a God as
Mrs. Goddard's; Mr. Elton being the adoration of all the teachers

thoughts of peace, and not of evil, to give you an expected end.
These virgin lands, lands of the Western shore,

and not of Frederick; and with shame at her own forgetfulness


"Nay, Rosamond, thank you, not just now; I have not time to listen to
5:17 And Naaman said, Shall there not then, I pray thee, be given to

  Brut. 'Tis good. Go to the Gate, some body knocks:
The Knave shook his head sadly. 'Do I look like it?' he said. (Which he
dark green Fir looks so majestic when laden with bright toys and lit up


passenger; nor, though I am something of a salt, do I ever go to sea
33:29 Then shall they know that I am the LORD, when I have laid the
"What do you mean?" cried the chaotic Gregory. "What did I promise
and urgency which illness could command, the interest
hymns.
many nations was there no king like him, who was beloved of his God,
never pierce you out.
There the great city stands.
for a young fellow to be making love, by breaking his mistress's head,
6:8 Oh that I might have my request; and that God would grant me the


incredible quantity of oil will be extracted out of one whale."
otherwise than hungry, more or less.  For what he ate did not so much

as the last stand of doomed and outlawed men of blood.  Just as he was
14:15 Thou shalt call, and I will answer thee: thou wilt have a desire
When all the people were there, the Emperor asked the Nightingale to
sailor.
had a little fur at her throat; the fact that the curve of her
CHAPTER 60


maidservants, and the Levite that is within your gates; forasmuch as
Effulgence of my glory, Son beloved, 
Turnbull turned for some reason a little red and remarked
you ARE a simpleton.'

into bed before I did.
28:7 Moreover I will establish his kingdom for ever, if he be constant
Anne smiled, and let it pass.  It was too pleasing a blunder

18:7 And Abraham ran unto the herd, and fetcht a calf tender and good,
she had taken so much pains to learn that she could write a very neat,
the connexion should be renewed, if it could be done, without any
like one who was in truth accustomed to be doubted.
creamy that is; like the transparent, half-jellied, white meat of a
on one side he and his daughter; on the other the two Mr. Knightleys;
and their mouth speaketh great swelling words, having men's persons in
   Pol. Good Madam stay awhile, I will be faithfull.

such conduct practicable?"

hole where I have put them.  I daresay more carriages will come by before

    press close without lust, his lips press her neck,
would, and casteth them out of the church.
the LORD thy God.

and the Middletons are gone, we shall go on so quietly
the most modest of trees. But so it is, and because of its humility it


Elinor set him right as to its situation;
"And so you actually put this piece of court-plaister by for his sake!"
him for his easy credulity.  He did consent.  He had not been
Egypt, saying, 9:2 Let the children of Israel also keep the passover
17:8 Upright men shall be astonied at this, and the innocent shall
sudden thought had popped into his head. Then he began to chuckle and
prophecy, God shall take away his part out of the book of life, and
So, then, we see that of all ships separately sailing the sea, the
aside his black jacket, and displayed his naked chest with the whole
A few light kisses, a few embraces, a reaching around of arms,
The waiter came into the room soon afterwards.
too small for our family, but we will make ourselves
Tell ye your children of it, and let your children tell their
much surprized if she knew what had happened.  I am sure Miss Nash

would be a great deal better for her to remain single; and told of
So the next morning Little Joe hid before daylight close by the little

keep thy word.
    over the archipelagoes to you,
had delivered them out of the hands of all their enemies on every
no more.
To sound at general doom.  The angelick blast 
In Paradise, fast by the tree of life, 
unto you, having great wrath, because he knoweth that he hath but a

the day, with full confidence in their comfort.
and love unto all the saints, 1:16 Cease not to give thanks for you,
more than commonly joyful.  He had more than the ordinary
His outward freedom:  Tyranny must be; 
"Don't be in such a hurry," drawled the smoker. "He will very soon
"Come with me," said Leonora, unwilling to have her friend exposed.


unto Daniel, whose name was called Belteshazzar; and the thing was
it had not been sent to the tailor's.
These were the sons of Naarah.

and to Hen the son of Zephaniah, for a memorial in the temple of the
1:54 And the children of Israel did according to all that the LORD
Jeremiah, in the fourth year of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of
So shall he waste his meanes, weary his Souldiers,

to turn her into a friend, her mind had no distaste for her own set,
sure she would catch a bad cold if she did not get dry very soon.
an occasion as this, when every body's eyes are so much upon me,
107:11 Because they rebelled against the words of God, and contemned
    upon land and sea,
And hurt my Mother
26:2 As the bird by wandering, as the swallow by flying, so the curse
describe it, and come again to me, that I may here cast lots for you
commanded them to lift him to his perch.  In this way the day wore
any means of lessening their expenses without compromising their dignity,
26:13 Then David went over to the other side, and stood on the top of

43:22 And on the second day thou shalt offer a kid of the goats
and for my part, I love to see children full of life
duel with me; but the police are all trying to stop it."
if he could, but as his son and daughter's carriage and horses

my fault," cried he; "I brought him up in idleness."

from the Lord Jesus Christ.
an instant his whole marbleized body formed a high arch, like
38:6 And he made the staves of shittim wood, and overlaid them with
And now thy sullen notes send darkness through me,
"You must not talk so, Marianne.  Have you no
medical library.  At the other end of it was a ponderous and
them that were with him; which it is not lawful to eat but for the

I do not trouble my spirit to vindicate itself or be understood,
always happy, she was reduced to the extremest indigence."
11:19 And ye shall teach them your children, speaking of them when
At Hartfield, you have had very good specimens of well educated,
under the misery of a parting, a final parting; and every consolation
12:7 Thou shalt keep them, O LORD, thou shalt preserve them from this
next addressed herself to Mrs. Montague, prophesying, in a most serious

and The Bride of Abydos; and moreover, how the Giaour was to be pronounced,
thankfulness.
drink water in this place: 13:9 For so was it charged me by the word
endless sculptures of that immemorial pagoda, all the trades and
Which taken at the Flood, leades on to Fortune:
Mr. Gresham was called away whilst his nephews were looking at the other
9:58 And Jesus said unto him, Foxes have holes, and birds of the air
the earth, and the waters asswaged; 8:2 The fountains also of the deep
nothing of respectability, of harmony, of good will to offer

mourned in the fifth and seventh month, even those seventy years, did
"Nay, why do you?"
will do, and whithersoever thou sendest us, we will go.

So, almost every twenty-four hours, when the watches of the night
   Sold. We must not: a Noble Prisoner.
captive into Babylon, and shall slay them with the sword.

   Little Lamb, who make thee

Served the long distant Kelt, served the hardy pirates of the Baltic,
shaken by many spiritual states since the instant when he was

   In a book, that all may read."
bringing me into captivity to the law of sin which is in my members.
offer so willingly after this sort? for all things come of thee, and
"In that respect how unlike dear Mrs. Elton, who wants to be wiser

iniquities, we know them; 59:13 In transgressing and lying against the
Edens want with chimney-sweepers at this time o' night, I wonder?

29:3 Then said the princes of the Philistines, What do these Hebrews
of Eshton.
the day of your fast ye find pleasure, and exact all your labours.
on for some time very properly, not much attending to any answer,
turning his head this way and that like a bewildered bulldog.
to come to the Great House instead, and he seemed afraid of being
10:31 And he said, Leave us not, I pray thee; forasmuch as thou
blind man's buff."
Thy trophies! which thou viewest as not thine own; 

the Miss Musgroves were gone too, suddenly resolving to walk
and the more so, because it is totally out of our power
gold for things to be made of gold, and the silver for things of
it was just as Miss Woodhouse described--it was not worth while to
of your ignorance.  Here is complete proof."
sentest us, and surely it floweth with milk and honey; and this is the
"Discipline for society----" he repeated, very staccato, "more
ever.
I listen to the different voices winding in and out, striving,

coward here, hailed a hero there!
the wicked.
he saw numbers of carriages, and crowds of people, all going towards the
in safety.
the goats, for a burnt sacrifice; he shall bring it a male without

Twenty Paris trains might go by for me. Damn Paris trains!"
as handsome as what belongs to this house.  A great
and their daughters shall die by famine: 11:23 And there shall be no
as a possible thing, because we know how difficult it is to keep
his prey.
city: and he gave them victual in abundance. And he desired many
very grave.  "It will not be all right, I'm afraid, for there is one
hour with objectionable particularity to another woman, was she
the end of the world. In them hath he set a tabernacle for the sun,
put in thine hand: but I will harden his heart, that he shall not let
Jews and the Greeks.
One of them held a large paper in his hand.
"I believe that this is a very good shilling," said she.  "If you don't
 For the time of youth was fled,
          How she gnawed it,

"Cecilia," repeated Leonora, "what of Cecilia?"
31:10 Hear the word of the LORD, O ye nations, and declare it in the
of a girl.
men of Israel gave place to the Benjamites, because they trusted unto
The nature of her commendation, in the present case,
man, they will honourably speak outright; not shake their heads, and
wherewith I may sup, and gird thyself, and serve me, till I have eaten
15:24 Then cometh the end, when he shall have delivered up the kingdom
    the bay of Biscay,
The old gardener, Francisco's father, was one of those who endeavoured to
}  Old Age's Lambent Peaks
pot whose scum is therein, and whose scum is not gone out of it! bring
rather than my life.
eyelids of the morning.
at a distance--and to think of his infinite superiority to all
"A little old man,
thousand, to shew unto man his uprightness: 33:24 Then he is gracious
19:7 Wherefore I command thee, saying, Thou shalt separate three
    and shadows,
of heaven.
Abiathar, escaped, and fled after David.
gender strifes.
in her life, she thought Mrs. Jennings deficient either
2:15 But he that is spiritual judgeth all things, yet he himself is


deale iustly with me: come, come; nay speake
To launch off with absolute faith, to sweep through the ceaseless
Jane Fairfax had already quitted Highbury, and was restored to the
hungred, he, and they that were with him?  2:26 How he went into the

had always thought.
strikes rocks; and they bulge through; and oysters come to join me."
have just copied it in."

to us."
when those defendants were remonstrated with, their captain snapped

stream. In the water he saw his own terrible image; he had the head of a
He was sitting in an attitude of deep meditation,
sight!"  So saying, he pushed him out of the house door, and Lawrence

The soul for it, and all the visible universe for it,
sat up with him nights; was very severe with him in the matter of
shall sit upon the ground.
Abolish his own works. This would surpass 
say so."
Little Piedro, who used to bask in the sun upon the sea-shore beside his

somehow one of the saddest sights you can see.  The head looks a sort
than you are prejudiced and unjust."
she had almost ventured to depend on, and a disposition to converse

The round earth's silent vital laws, facts, modes continue.
that shouteth by reason of wine.
so well satisfied with his being all alone in his own house,
All at once, the doors opened and the two children came in. Two of the
To formulate the Modern--out of the peerless grandeur of the modern,
21:21 Notwithstanding, if he continue a day or two, he shall not be


really comparatively close, but somehow looking as inaccessible

as they went, but to the place whither the head looked they followed



forth? or canst thou mark when the hinds do calve?  39:2 Canst thou
8:16 And they reasoned among themselves, saying, It is because we have
Winds whose soft-tickling genitals rub against me it shall be you!
of whaling, though well acquainted with the sea, as known to merchant
"Yes, do confess it," added Bell, earnestly.
from thence the bones of Saul and the bones of Jonathan his son; and
impatience, no petulance did come from him.  Silent, slow, and
duel, if it is only by locking us both up in asylums for the rest
dreadful,' she muttered to herself, 'the way all the creatures argue.
All in a moment through the gloom were seen 
10:12 Arise, O LORD; O God, lift up thine hand: forget not the humble.
ways, and to cleave unto him; 11:23 Then will the LORD drive out all

hundred threescore and six talents of gold, 10:15 Beside that he had
speak good words to them, they will be thy servants for ever.
father, when he found that his son's smartness was no longer useful in

In full rapport at last.
And that is how the sea became salt.
money done up carefully in separate papers.  When all these were paid
25:22 So and more also do God unto the enemies of David, if I leave of
I am the mate and companion of people, all just as immortal and
and they shall say to the mountains, Cover us; and to the hills, Fall
17:15 Behold, they say unto me, Where is the word of the LORD? let it
that the whole nation perish not.
her, and the daughters of the famous nations, unto the nether parts of
certain saint which spake, How long shall be the vision concerning the
ago." --IBID.
that he had shewn them some drawings of the place, views that he
   2 That's as much as to say, they are fooles that marrie:
thine heart.

not charity, I am become as sounding brass, or a tinkling cymbal.
they sufficed them not.
cousin Bell would think of her generosity rushed again upon her

So the poor old Lion floundered about and floundered about, and as he
lengthwise from the sea, fell over, and floated by my side.  Buoyed
of Todhunter's visage, they did grow conscious of something struggling

prospect was toward the south: one at the side of the east gate having

This distinction appeared to increase, and there was one speech
To maske thy monstrous Visage? Seek none Conspiracie,
     "I fear you don't read the Society papers properly," he said,
34:6 And as for the western border, ye shall even have the great sea
like one who plants his tent-pole for the night.  Leaving it
fixed upon the words, and the look that accompanied them, the more he was
Spreading around with every look of thine a golden world,
contradicting and blaspheming.
holy.
a boat!--ah, ah!"

neither is it the voice of them that cry for being overcome: but the
very amiably.  "Marco has all the sauces, and we've often
he should never forget the very look of the lampshades and the decanters,
shall lead them forth with the workers of iniquity: but peace shall be
15:23 And all the country wept with a loud voice, and all the people
Turnbull was not long in discovering this truth in connexion with


the Fates ordained to take the place of Ahab's bowsman, when that
And when she held it, he measured six measures of barley, and laid it
These in their dark nativity the deep 
8:30 And Gideon had threescore and ten sons of his body begotten: for
Fisher was mortally offended one morning by De Grey's refusing to
I have offer'd my style to every one, I have journey'd with confident step;
and also carrying clothes and sword in a desperate bundle.
God: but the calf of Samaria shall be broken in pieces.
     [The Centenarian]

Thrive under evil, and work ease out of pain 
from the hand of the mighty?  6:24 Teach me, and I will hold my
46:10 And the prince in the midst of them, when they go in, shall go
shall be found written in the book.
drew near, and came.

wise in this world, let him become a fool, that he may be wise.
In length, the Sperm Whale's skeleton at Tranque measured seventy-two
16:15 In the light of the king's countenance is life; and his favour
Dim smitten star,
With one intent all the combined rival boats were pointed for this
He was going on with some wild reminiscences about his tomahawk-pipe,

2:4 These are the generations of the heavens and of the earth when


muttering in his sleep?  Yes, just there,--in there, he's sleeping.
that I have a bad heart?"

     "Our lesson from the drinking-vessels does not end here,"
proud helpers do stoop under him.
3:64 Render unto them a recompence, O LORD, according to the work of
11:40 Ye fools, did not he that made that which is without make that
gentlemen?  Who made you, whose fathers could not splutter English
6:8 For what hath the wise more than the fool? what hath the poor,
Anne, really tired herself, was glad to sit down; and she very soon heard
contradiction in the lamp more and more appals him.  The floor, the
The very soule, and sweete Religion makes
32:8 But there is a spirit in man: and the inspiration of the Almighty
down to "the Moss," the little Nantucket packet schooner moored at
106:8 Nevertheless he saved them for his name's sake, that he might

The next witness was the Duchess's cook. She carried the pepper-box in
that is certain; absolutely starved."
and Mr. Knightley thought he saw another collection of letters anxiously
32:32 For I have caused my terror in the land of the living: and he
appearing yawing in his gait, had at an early period of the voyage
believeth on him that sent me, hath everlasting life, and shall not
one to threaten exposure; and one at least whom exposure would horrify."
and I cannot persuade him to buy my brown mare.  If it
time.
The place of meeting was at the house of that Jew to whom he, several
Nebuchadnezzar.
liberality) a portion of all that is saved of mine shall be yours."

23:22 But if they had stood in my counsel, and had caused my people to
skin about his loins; and he did eat locusts and wild honey; 1:7 And
The little Field Mouse looked all about the room as fast as he could,
pass, that in the place where it was said unto them, Ye are not my
How many travelers started from their homes and neer return'd!
goblets were lifted; and to cries and maledictions against the white
one day.
and, behold, the glory of the LORD appeared in the cloud.
Shall separate us, linked in love so dear, 
restored to order in a few minutes--the shutters were thrown open, the
In their northerly wilds beasts of prey haunting the Adirondacks the
For he went sickly forth: and take good note

the Ardites: and of Naaman, the family of the Naamites.
also prophesied.
"Yes, your Majesty," said the Great Lizard; "but I had to."


to communicate it.  The manner in which Miss Steele had
5:20 Neither shalt thou bear false witness against thy neighbour.


power of God.
They seemed rising into stronger and stronger sunlight, as if it
"Mr. Stubb," said I, turning to that worthy, who, buttoned up in his
with them was Jozabad the son of Jeshua, and Noadiah the son of

The LORD thy God hath pronounced this evil upon this place.
the palaces in the land of Egypt, and say, Assemble yourselves upon
word to a child."
Mrs. Jennings," said Marianne, "at least it need not prevent
Me ruthless and devilish as any, that my wrists are not chain'd with
8:56 And her parents were astonished: but he charged them that they
the book of records of the chronicles; and they were read before the
And strength, and art, are easily outdone 

to beg, in the name of charity, that they would all
Such a partner in all those duties and cares to which time must be
2:36 This is the dream; and we will tell the interpretation thereof
marble of different colours, are partly seen, where the workmen have
With such encouragement as this, was she dismissed
35:14 The words of Jonadab the son of Rechab, that he commanded his
Mr. Dixon's actions from his wife, or of any thing mischievous
head of Dagon and both the palms of his hands were cut off upon the
ostentatiously put on the aspect of interpreting between them.
       Led by a tender hand,
with it."
147:15 He sendeth forth his commandment upon earth: his word runneth
more particular account.  He was tolerably cheerful.  A speedy cure
good, saith the LORD: it shall be given into the hand of the king of
32:21 The strong among the mighty shall speak to him out of the midst
two young ladies, whom Mrs. Jennings had the satisfaction
through thee, I will make thee an eternal excellency, a joy of many
She does not tarry to smooth her hair nor adjust her cap.
and Elinor, impatient to soothe, though too honest
tunes to him. The people in the court liked her even better than the old
His mother listened to him with the greatest surprise, whilst his
Amen: the LORD God of my lord the king say so too.
"Jackass!" said Turnbull, heartily, "of course we're not mad.  Of
pleasure to her sister, and this agitation increased as

With a long, weary hoist the jaw is dragged on board, as if it were
     The young Harrogate was left behind for a moment emptying a glass of
As one he stood escaped from cruel fight, 
"Don't address yourself to me," interrupted Archer, struggling with his

with body arched back, and both arms lengthwise high-lifted to the

who had been paid the proper fee. He told them that the best thing
and a half, with only three barrels of ILE, was found dead in my
himself out for a philosopher, I conclude that, like the dyspeptic
29:46 And they shall know that I am the LORD their God, that brought
11:10 And all that have not fins and scales in the seas, and in the
Alas! both for the deed, and for the cause! 
26:23 Of the Amramites, and the Izharites, the Hebronites, and the
28:18 No mention shall be made of coral, or of pearls: for the price
only fickle, very, very fickle."
1:8 Now when she had weaned Loruhamah, she conceived, and bare a son.
golden and silver vessels which his father Nebuchadnezzar had taken
all the house of Judah and Benjamin, and to the remnant of the people,
all the way home. The little gold ring began to feel tight and
'How queer it seems,' Alice said to herself, 'to be going messages for
In such an Honor nam'd: What's more to do,
With the comrade's long-dwelling kiss or the new husband's kiss,
worship shall go out by the way of the south gate; and he that
flesh in water, and he shall be clean.
I do not offer the old smooth prizes, but offer rough new prizes,
terrors of man compared with the interlinked terrors and wonders of
him forward to the bows of the still flying boat.

but what restrictions I might impose on the use of the pleasure-grounds,
which ignorance to this present day still reigns in all but some few
11:9 And Jephthah said unto the elders of Gilead, If ye bring me home

soldier enlists to die for his country or disgrace it, do you ask
A few knelt to pray. Others gathered round and joined them, weeping.
But whether she would do for a lady's maid, I am sure I
from the leviathanic brotherhood any sea creature hitherto identified
He made us, and delight to reason joined. 
of whom, high or low, depend for their profits, not upon fixed wages,
As soon as I heard the heavy door close on him finally, I made a bolt
my word, Mr. Elton, in your case, I should certainly excuse myself.
25:10 And while they went to buy, the bridegroom came; and they that
78:54 And he brought them to the border of his sanctuary, even to this
    others on the same terms,
valour; and were reckoned by their genealogies twenty and two thousand
     An' shuts the door, and locks it, too,
He had, in fact, though his sisters were now doing all they could for him,
he detested being in town; but either to Norland or London,
It was rather as if he were thanking a stranger in a smoking-room

Farmer Brown's boy so that he would keep away from there. It would be a
wrong in this instance, I have known him long enough to answer
and reigned forty and one years.
of no consequence.  It is a very cold afternoon--but in this carriage
sent comforters unto thee? hath not David rather sent his servants
and all her slain shall fall in the midst of her.
unclean.
they served only to confirm the idea of his having felt some
I do not say one word against you, away back there where you stand,

Of ghastly spasm, or racking torture, qualms 
8:20 And it was told him by certain which said, Thy mother and thy
the control of some one reliable member. I suggest Comrade
come down with you, ye shall see my face no more.
The felon steps forth from the prison, the insane becomes sane, the
God, which hath delivered thine enemies into thy hand. And he gave him
18:5 He trusted in the LORD God of Israel; so that after him was none
50:10 For every beast of the forest is mine, and the cattle upon a
   Son. Then you'l by 'em to sell againe
the damsel, and spake kindly unto the damsel.
breakwater.  With the grey and watery dawn crawling up behind it,
Whale in this particular.  It also seems to me that such scratches in
inhabitants of the land, saith the LORD.
 
Vngartred, and downe giued to his Anckle,
hath despised in the indignation of his anger the king and the priest.

that good-humoured mutual affection, of which she had known

mariner, encountered in New Bedford at the inn.
hearkened not unto me, nor inclined their ear, but hardened their

11:36 And of the Levites were divisions in Judah, and in Benjamin.
folly, Mary, to hope for that; but what I hope is, that you'll find some
and the fulness thereof, thou hast founded them.

so dressy as our friend Glass leave his hat behind him, if he left
"No, Billy," said he, "you are wrong, altogether wrong. I don't believe
at Kellynch Hall; and who had made herself so acceptable to Miss Elliot,
thy stranger that sojourneth with thee.
vital part of him had thus far been struck.  His life, as they
of this part of Highbury."
Out challenge and defiance--flags and flaunting pennants added,
28:60 Moreover he will bring upon thee all the diseases of Egypt,
     An' the pot o' bilin' wather
harp here in our rigging; but if thou art a brave man thou wilt hold
Your schemes, politics, fail, lines give way, substances mock and elude me,
12:23 The sons of Levi, the chief of the fathers, were written in the
"Yes," said his brother hesitatingly, "there is a likeness.
15:21 But all these things will they do unto you for my name's sake,
rain, as the latter and former rain unto the earth.
by with neglect; but it was at last what he called GOOD LUCK to meet with
with such loveliness as Harriet, has a certainty of being admired
Flakes of breast-muscle, pliant backbone and neck, flesh not flabby,
2:1 After these things, when the wrath of king Ahasuerus was appeased,
Had you stepped on board the Pequod at a certain juncture of this
     "The wax always spots like that just a little in this weather,"

What a filthy Presidentiad! (O South, your torrid suns! O North,
"I can't see it," said Evan; "it is too large and plain."
see thou hurt not the oil and the wine.
19:23 And he went thither to Naioth in Ramah: and the Spirit of God
Then walke we forth, euen to the Market place,
118:23 This is the LORD's doing; it is marvellous in our eyes.


unusual rapidity. He had a violent run of a hundred yards to reach
breast, this pleasant, genial smoke we had, soon thawed it out, and
wonder: for the wisdom of their wise men shall perish, and the
I will leaue him,
thrice.
may be increased there, and not diminished.
Bound with Gorgonian rigour not to move; 
Marianne rose the next morning with recovered spirits
houses; from their children have ye taken away my glory for ever.
25:22 He also that had received two talents came and said, Lord, thou
"I dare say your apologies were accepted, sir.  Mr. Elton knows you."

How mortifying to feel that it was so!
and make prayers, and likewise the disciples of the Pharisees; but

   Polon. You goe to seeke my Lord Hamlet; there
     hour of the day.  Pray call again as soon as possible,
Hezekiah king of Judah three hundred talents of silver and thirty
greater than his lord. If they have persecuted me, they will also
as they are now; or with no important variation.  If I draw less,
because, otherwise, the money would have been entirely at
unto whited sepulchres, which indeed appear beautiful outward, but are

Maurice had put his tulip, which was beginning to blow, in a flower-pot,
Will.  Most like a sort of travelling man, in my opinion, sir--or

hundred feet above the silent decks, striding along the deep, as if
"'Ah! then indeed I am glad, and would say, if I could, "Yes, take them,
To sow a jangling noise of words unknown: 
king.

hand of Moses thy servant: 9:15 And gavest them bread from heaven for
middle of the hall.  Seats for the young competitors were raised one
the sooner 'tis blown over and forgot.  And what does
Whereon I live, thy gentle looks, thy aid, 

sands, the head-waters of many a Pactolus flows.  And though now

And ever the sound of the cannon far or near, (rousing even in
place for the ark of God, and pitched for it a tent.
slanderously reported, and as some affirm that we say,) Let us do
suppose then, that going plump on a flying whale with your sail set
with a little book full of the history of birds and beasts; he looked
and capsizings in the water and consequent bivouacks on the deep,

enough to step this way."
gather it to thee; and it shall be for food for thee, and for them.
61:5 For thou, O God, hast heard my vows: thou hast given me the
Receive the summer sky, you water, and faithfully hold it till all
Nantucket god; but de god wat made shark must be one dam Ingin."
No dainty rhymes or sentimental love verses for you terrible year,
4:29 And God gave Solomon wisdom and understanding exceeding much, and
Evan flung his big elbow across his forehead and burst into
36:8 But ye, O mountains of Israel, ye shall shoot forth your
in his Captain's mind, he advanced, and eyeing the wreck
8:18 And the LORD said unto David my father, Whereas it was in thine
  Lady. I
"Well, listen to that," he said, "is that a dog--anybody's dog?"
15:1 A soft answer turneth away wrath: but grievous words stir up
the church.
The enemy, though bold, will hardly dare; 

alluded to; but Anne, at seven-and-twenty, thought very differently

Lucy.  And the old man, papa?


and could truly say that it had done her good.  It had increased
35:10 But none saith, Where is God my maker, who giveth songs in the

blasphemed me, in that they have committed a trespass against me.
little of flowers that she did not know what all the names meant. She
upon you, but for that which is comely, and that ye may attend upon
2:8 (For he that wrought effectually in Peter to the apostleship of
And he answered and said, I believe that Jesus Christ is the Son of


while fireworks were set off in his honour. The music was so loud that


and were ashamed.
doubt that he stole the berries that were in the pail when he found it,
scatter the power of the holy people, all these things shall be

prided himself on remaining single for his dear daughters' sake.
     O heart-sick days! O nights of woe!

a witness of the sufferings of Christ, and also a partaker of the
for though she was too honorable to listen, and had even
but I know it is taken notice of by many persons."
had quite doted upon the worthless hussy, and was now,


These then, though unbeheld in deep of night, 
Hath bene but for a wayward Sonne,
"Perhaps not.  _I_ know nothing about him," said Archer.
dignity flung away on the other side of England in the hope that
alcoves.  Besides, it was very convenient on an excursion; much
the jumps, being quite alone. I nearly flung my arms round Gogol

be joined unto his wife, and they two shall be one flesh.
I am sure I must have been as white as my gown.  I could not go away
and that there could be no necessity for any body's knowing

With the prospect of spending at least two months at Uppercross,
most beautiful things you could imagine. At last, he dreamed that he had
in the laugh, it was evident from Jane's countenance that she

their part, and repeated promises of secrecy on his, they at length


 


condition of curious hilarity. His spirits were already
upon the head of him that is to be cleansed: and the priest shall make

beene a Gentlewoman, shee should haue beene buried

Dan Morgan told himself he would forget Ann Turner . He was well rid of her . He certainly didn't want a wife who was fickle as Ann . If he had married her , he'd have been asking for trouble . But all of this was rationalization . Sometimes he woke up in the middle of the night thinking of Ann , and then could not get back to sleep . His plans and dreams had revolved around her so much and for so long that now he felt as if he had nothing . The easiest thing would be to sell out to Al Budd and leave the country , but there was a stubborn streak in him that wouldn't allow it . The best antidote for the bitterness and disappointment that poisoned him was hard work . He found that if he was tired enough at night , he went to sleep simply because he was too exhausted to stay awake . Each day he found himself thinking less often of Ann ; ; each day the hurt was a little duller , a little less poignant . He had plenty of work to do . Because the summer was unusually dry and hot , the spring produced a smaller stream than in ordinary years . The grass in the meadows came fast , now that the warm weather was here . He could not afford to lose a drop of the precious water , so he spent most of his waking hours along the ditches in his meadows . He had no idea how much time Budd would give him . In any case , he had no intention of being caught asleep , so he carried his revolver in its holster on his hip and he took his Winchester with him and leaned it against the fence . He stopped every few minutes and leaned on his shovel as he studied the horizon , but nothing happened , each day dragging out with monotonous calm . When , in late afternoon on the last day in June , he saw two people top the ridge to the south and walk toward the house , he quit work immediately and strode to his rifle . It could be some kind of trick Budd had thought up . No one walked in this country , least of all Ed Dow or Dutch Renfro or any of the rest of the Bar B crew . Morgan watched the two figures for a time , puzzled . When they were closer and he saw that one was a woman , he was more puzzled than ever . He cleaned his shovel , left it against the fence , picked up his Winchester , and started downstream . His visitors had crawled through the south fence and were crossing the meadow , angling toward the house . Now he saw that both the man and woman were moving slowly and irregularly , staggering , as if they found it a struggle to remain on their feet . Reaching the house ahead of them , he waited with his Winchester in his hands . They crawled through the north fence and came on toward him , and now he saw that both were young , not more than nineteen or twenty . They were dirty , their clothes were torn , and the girl was so exhausted that she fell when she was still twenty feet from the front door . She lay there , making no effort to get back on her feet . The boy came on to the porch and sat down , his gaze on Morgan as if half expecting him to shoot and not really caring . Morgan hesitated , thinking that if this was a trick , it was a good one . He didn't think it was possible for this couple to be pretending . The boy licked his dry lips . He asked , `` Could we have a drink '' ? ? Morgan jerked his head toward the front door . `` In the kitchen '' , he said . Leaning his Winchester against the front of the house , he walked to the girl . `` Get up . There's water in the house '' . She didn't move or say anything . Her eyes were glazed as if she didn't hear or even see him . She had reached a point at which she didn't even care how she looked . Her face was very thin , and burned by the sun until much of the skin was dead and peeling , the new skin under it red and angry . Her blond hair was frowzy , her dress torn in several places , and her shoes were so completely worn out that they were practically no protection . It must have hurt her even to walk , for the sole was completely off her left foot and Morgan saw that it was bruised and bleeding . He picked her up , sliding one hand under her shoulders , the other under her knees , and carried her into the house . She was amazingly light , and so relaxed in his arms that he wasn't even sure she was conscious . Any lingering suspicion that this was a trick Al Budd had thought up was dispelled . No girl would go this far to fool a man so she could kill him . Besides , she had a sweet face that attracted him . He put her down on the couch , and going into the kitchen , saw that the boy had dropped into a chair beside the table . They looked a good deal alike , Morgan thought . Both had blonde hair and blue eyes , and there was even a faint similarity of features . Morgan filled the dipper from the water bucket on the shelf , went back into the front room , lifted the girl's head , and held the edge of the dipper to her mouth . She drank greedily , and murmured , `` Thank you '' , as he lowered her head . He stood looking down at her for a moment , wondering what could have reduced her to this condition . He had seen a few nester wagons go through the country , the families almost starving to death , but he had never seen any of them on foot and as bad off as these two . The girl dropped off to sleep . Morgan returned to the kitchen , built a fire , and carried in several buckets of water from the spring which he poured into the copper boiler that he had placed on the stove . He brought his Winchester in from the front of the house , then faced the boy . `` Who are you and what happened to you '' ? ? He asked . `` I'm Billy Jones '' , the boy answered . `` That's my wife Sharon . We ran out of money and we haven't eaten for two days '' . `` What are you doing here '' ? ? `` Are we in Wyoming '' ? ? Morgan nodded . `` About five miles north of the line '' . Jones sighed as if relieved . `` We've been looking for work , but all the ranchers have turned us down '' . `` You mean you dragged your wife all over hell's half-acre looking for work '' ? ? Morgan demanded . `` The town of Buckhorn's only about six miles from here . Why didn't you go there '' ? ? `` We didn't want town work '' , Jones said . `` This is a mighty empty country '' , Morgan said . `` There's only one more ranch three miles north of here . You'd have starved to death if you'd missed both places '' . `` Then we're lucky we got here . Could you give us a job , Mr. '' `` Morgan . Dan Morgan '' . He was silent a moment , thinking he could use a man this time of year , and if the girl could cook , it would give him more time in the meadows , but he knew nothing about the couple . They might kill him in his sleep , thinking there was money in the house . He dismissed the possibility at once . The girl's thin face haunted him . It wasn't the face of a killer . He wasn't so sure about the boy . He hadn't shaved for several weeks , his sparse beard giving his face a pathetic , woebegone expression . There was more to this than Jones had told him . They were running from something . He'd be an idiot to let them stay he thought , but he couldn't send them on , either . `` I could use some help '' , Morgan said finally , `` but I can't afford to pay you anything . I guess you'd better go on in the morning '' . `` We'll work for our keep '' , the boy said eagerly . `` I've been mucking in a mine in the San Juan , but I used to work on a ranch . Sharon , she's cooked in a restaurant . We'll work hard , Mr. Morgan '' . `` I'll see '' , Morgan said . `` Right now you need a meal and a bath . Your wife's in terrible shape '' . `` I know '' , Jones said dejectedly . Morgan filled the fire box with wood again , then started supper and set the table . When the meal was ready , he told Jones to wash up , and going into the front room , woke the girl . He said , `` I've got some supper ready '' . She rubbed her eyes and stretched , then sat up , her hands going to her hair . `` I'm a mess '' , she said , and suddenly she was alarmed . `` Who are you ? ? How did we get here '' ? ? `` I'm Dan Morgan . This is the Rafter Aj . You fell down in front of the house , and I carried you in . I gave you a drink and then you went to sleep '' . `` Oh '' . She stared at him , her eyes wide as she thought about what he had said ; ; then she murmured : `` You're very kind , Mr. Morgan . Do you take in all the strays who come by '' ? ? `` I don't have many strays coming to my front door '' , he said . `` Think you can walk to the table '' ? ? `` Of course '' . She got to her feet , staggered , and almost fell . He caught her by an arm and helped her into the kitchen . She sat down at the table , shaking her head . `` I'm sorry , Mr. Morgan . I'm usually a very strong woman , but I'm awfully tired '' . `` And hungry '' , he said . `` Start in . It's not much of a meal , but it's what I eat '' . `` Not much of a meal '' ? ? The girl cried . `` Mr. Morgan , it's the best-looking food I ever saw '' . He told himself he had never seen two people eat so much . When they were finally satisfied , Jones said , `` I think he's going to give us work '' . The grateful way she looked at Morgan made him ashamed of himself . When he saw the expression in her eyes , he knew he couldn't send them on . She said , `` I guess the Lord looks out for fools , drunkards , and innocents '' . Morgan laughed . `` Which are you '' ? ? `` We're not drunkards '' , she said . `` That's all I'm sure of '' . She helped him with the dishes , then he brought more water in from the spring before it got dark . He carried the tub from the back of the house where it hung from a nail in the wall . He said : `` You'll feel a lot better after you have a bath . Your feet are in bad shape , Mrs. Jones . You'll have to go to town to see the doc '' . `` No , she'll be all right '' , Jones said quickly . `` I mean , we don't have any way to get there and we can't expect you to quit work just to take us to town '' . `` We'll see '' , Morgan said . `` Could you find me a needle and thread '' ? ? The girl asked . `` My dress needs some work on it '' . He nodded and , going into the bedroom , brought a needle , thread , and scissors . He said : `` I'm going to bed '' . He nodded at the door in front of him . `` That's my spare bedroom . The bed isn't made , but you'll find plenty of blankets there '' . `` You're awfully kind '' , the girl said . `` We'll pay you back if you'll let us . Some way '' . `` It's all right '' , he said . `` I get up early . You'd better sleep '' . Jones followed him into the front room , closing the door behind him . He said : `` If it's all right with you , Mr. Morgan , I'll sleep out here on the couch . We haven't slept together since we started . I just can't take any chances on getting her pregnant , and if we were sleeping together '' He stopped , embarrassed , and Morgan said , `` I understand that , but I don't savvy why you'd go off and leave your jobs in the first place '' . `` We got fired '' , Jones said . `` We had to do something '' . They were a pair of lost , whipped kids , Morgan thought as he went to bed .
to find traces of the burglar; even when there aren't any.
home, and vaulted over the window sill, when the first object he beheld
13:3 Surely I would speak to the Almighty, and I desire to reason with

Fred.  Here; a plate, knife and fork, bit o' bread, a glass of Dorchester

hand of Esau: for I fear him, lest he will come and smite me, and the
Too much of ornament, in outward show 
and too busy with her shawl.  Mr. Weston had walked in.  The two
hunter has been ruinationed; and I can't afford to be mum.  So you'll
so many strangers.  He ventured among them again, however,
None of that upright integrity, that strict adherence to truth
beasts, and in the midst of the elders, stood a Lamb as it had been
his soul? is it to bow down his head as a bulrush, and to spread
into the hands of strangers, and will execute judgments among you.
wanted to interview him. When Champion (who was interviewed
"Certainly.  This moment, if you please.  It is impossible to
Where in necessitie of matter Beggard,



25:9 And when David's young men came, they spake to Nabal according to
"whether the survivor will be in a proper frame of mind for
would be, to make one son independent, because another had
     "And yet," answered Fanshaw, "that's the most romantic and
the Philistines, and they please themselves in the children of
consider in my dwelling place like a clear heat upon herbs, and like a
former happiness would be restored.  There could not be a doubt,
12:46 In one house shall it be eaten; thou shalt not carry forth ought
13:22 He also that received seed among the thorns is he that heareth
from Edmund.  It was by one of his rush candles that Mary read it; and
which he spake.
2:16 And she said unto them, Get you to the mountain, lest the
God in you.
but still it is a handsome equipage, and no doubt is well known
and said in a startled voice:  "Why, it's a sabre!  I believe
Then all the king's sons arose, and every man gat him up upon his
Fleet Street editor.  That is just the funny part of it.  The human
Breast-sorrel and pinks of love, fingers that wind around tighter
Then when I am thy captive talk of chains, 
shewedst signs and wonders upon Pharaoh, and on all his servants, and
be sure, I gave him something, and left my lease of our farm with him, as
28:5 Blessed shall be thy basket and thy store.
"It will make a good enough one," said Flask, "the carpenter here can
That makes Calamity of so long life:
ships worth, at the time of sailing, $20,000,000! and every year
In the beginning how the heavens and earth 
Ahohite, 11:30 Maharai the Netophathite, Heled the son of Baanah the


72:8 He shall have dominion also from sea to sea, and from the river

foundations, whose builder and maker is God.

The steam-whistle, the solid roll of the train of approaching cars,
examined it from day to day, and every day thought it improving, he
See, with what heat these dogs of Hell advance 
27:21 As the fining pot for silver, and the furnace for gold; so is a

Doe not as some vngracious Pastors doe,

and blessing.
The door led right into a large kitchen, which was full of smoke from
And so, without more circumstance at all,
16:30 He shutteth his eyes to devise froward things: moving his lips
How the water sports and sings! (surely it is alive!)
54:14 In righteousness shalt thou be established: thou shalt be far
irresistibleness of that might, to which the most impalpable and
and his daughters, and his oxen, and his asses, and his sheep, and his
be heard upon the mountains of Israel.

Natives and sons of Heaven possessed before 

Fallacious hope, or arm th' obdured breast 
reeling, but with conscience yet pricking him, as the plungings of
is cut down, and withereth.
meeting were effectual, he had not a doubt of their being
upon you?  13:12 Your remembrances are like unto ashes, your bodies to
2:4 The chariots shall rage in the streets, they shall justle one
And he answered and said unto him, O man of God, thus hath the king

3:2 And it came to pass after three days, that the officers went
palaces shall be forsaken; the multitude of the city shall be left;


The beach is cut by the razory ice-wind, the wreck-guns sound,
the god of the Moabites, and Milcom the god of the children of Ammon,
especially after what uncle said."
     insulting; but though I have not yet been able to
will give it thee.





much at home in the water as the fish themselves, and can swim fast
borders of their garments throughout their generations, and that they
Brought safely for a thousand miles o'er land and tide,
in my sight, as an angel of God: notwithstanding the princes of the
Ar of Moab, and the lords of the high places of Arnon.
shall rejoice as through wine: yea, their children shall see it, and
3:6 Moreover the old gate repaired Jehoiada the son of Paseah, and
Whence in perpetual fight they needs must last 
25:26 Of whom I have no certain thing to write unto my lord. Wherefore
Maiesty shall haue Tribute of mee: the aduenturous
women and children.
And after seeme to chide 'em. This shall make
"But you know, Cecilia--"
Moby Dick.
was taken up.

leaves, they saw the whole posse of their pursuers go by and die
2:11 Now when Job's three friends heard of all this evil that was come
five curtains he coupled one unto another.
Jerusalem.
How the floridness of the materials of cities shrivels before a
Nantucket, was cruising in the Pacific Ocean.  One day she saw
I will never believe it!"
seeing the prison doors open, he drew out his sword, and would have
42:17 So shall it be with all the men that set their faces to go into
 
Brass, iron, stony mould, had not their mouths 

of misery in which she had closed her eyes.
but a false step brought her suddenly to the ground;
shall go out by himself.
shall he be called.
sell your brethren? or shall they be sold unto us? Then held they
Her first attempts at usefulness were in an endeavour to find out who

etc., but heat was intolerable--and he sat down, at the greatest
like a great ball of india-rubber, and went bounding off towards
"And has it indeed been spoken of?"
of Manasseh, were thirty and two thousand and two hundred.
going only half a mile from them; but Emma was aware that great must
Mr. Weston need not spend a single evening in the year alone if he did
whaling; and as this business of whaling has somehow come to be

   Caes. Ha? Who calles?
creature's skin as being of that sort of consistence and thickness,
full of the old energy and hate; and at once plunged and
tired of her humours.
hand: for what God is there in heaven or in earth, that can do
hall, and gathered unto him the whole band of soldiers.
to any body else.  Such conduct made them of course

     O sight of pity, shame and dole!
Before the end of September, Emma attended Harriet to church, and saw
Artaxerxes the king, that wine was before him: and I took up the wine,
give thee money for the field; take it of me, and I will bury my dead
Benjamin wept upon his neck.

  Ham. Oh that this too too solid Flesh, would melt,


"If you would change the right hind-foot, Herr Grupello," said a third,
     "He was myself," said Father Brown.
ye make them rest from their burdens.
and Elizabeth. She drew up plans of economy, she made exact calculations,


7:31 And the mouth of it within the chapiter and above was a cubit:


Of all the Seraphim with thee combined 


surprise had let go; "to be sure!  Why not?  Any man who chooses it may

the kings whom thou hast set over us because of our sins: also they
disgusted with Mrs. Theresa.
Nor the President in his Presidency, nor the rich in his great house,

stood staring at his own sword-point like an idiot. There was no
it shall be accepted for him to make atonement for him.

"My friend," said I, "what all this gibberish of yours is about, I
And Tumult, and Confusion, all embroiled, 
 When Mary and Susan and Emily




41:24 His heart is as firm as a stone; yea, as hard as a piece of the

carrying yet another piece of pink newspaper.
I will toss a new gladness and roughness among them,
12:30 He that is not with me is against me; and he that gathereth not
old together: for I will turn their mourning into joy, and will
and mourned for his son many days.

18:20 They that come after him shall be astonied at his day, as they
the fear of being thought ignorant, they become affected; and from the
and he cried out, 1:24 Saying, Let us alone; what have we to do with
Lamb are the temple of it.
"What! are we to have the pleasure of a call from Mr. Elton?--
    always these, and more, branching forth into numberless branches,



and it was believed that some moral calamity had swallowed him up.
Israel, saying unto them, 6:24 The LORD bless thee, and keep thee:
bowl as big as a house, or a mouse-trap made to catch elephants."
he had once heard Captain Wentworth himself say, was very sure that
22:20 He brought me forth also into a large place: he delivered me,

In the nick of time I come, plunge in the fight, loudly shout in the
But if all prophesy, and there come in one that believeth not, or one
6:6 For I desired mercy, and not sacrifice; and the knowledge of God
In another moment, however, she found herself in the state of
plains of Moab by Jordan near Jericho.


put on sackcloth, from the greatest of them even to the least of them.
as fast as she could, in favour of each.
"I have heard," said he, with great compassion,
Which brought them back again to the beginning of the conversation.
Shalmaneser king of Assyria came up against Samaria, and besieged it.
stretchedst out thy right hand, the earth swallowed them.
Machinery brought them their cocoa and cleaned their cells; that
thread, saying, This came out first.
according to thy words: lo, I have given thee a wise and an
So dearly to redeem what hellish hate 
Sprinkle coole patience. Whereon do you looke?
3:19 And this is the condemnation, that light is come into the world,
21:4 He asked life of thee, and thou gavest it him, even length of
maiden.
the Pequod had been almost completed; comprising her beef, bread,
13:21 And the LORD went before them by day in a pillar of a cloud, to
support her in affluence.  For their brother's sake, too,
Her husband, but with great humility, did not see

that came out of Egypt, that were males, even all the men of war, died
 Then Humility takes its root
that I have."
children of Israel, saying, Ye shall eat no manner of fat, of ox, or
precepts.
Mrs. Perry drank tea with Mrs. and Miss Bates, or when Mrs. and
ingratitude, and were going to express their feelings; but De Grey
came to Samuel unto Ramah, 8:5 And said unto him, Behold, thou art
things proudly and contemptuously against the righteous.
the goldfish kept running in her head, and she had a vague sort of idea
white trousers; the other that through hygiene, affectation, or
The crowd, O the crowd of the bloody forms, the yard outside also fill'd,
to put any man to death: 18:32 That the saying of Jesus might be
spade being sent up to him, he diligently searches for the proper
and Mrs. Jennings could not prevail on him to stay long.
in general, my dear sir.  The neighbourhood of Brunswick Square
Discomfort swells: Marke King of Scotland, marke,
root, and it filled the land.


Mr. Somerville resolved to inquire more fully concerning this poor

laughed at--and, with cordial, fearless smiles, now addressing
Fanatic Egypt and her priests to seek 
The sick cared for, the shoeless shod, the orphan father'd and mother'd,
me; but I'm afraid that I should not like you unless you were good-
thee, but thou doest me wrong to war against me: the LORD the Judge be
3:20 Behold, I stand at the door, and knock: if any man hear my voice,
they asked him, saying, Is it lawful to heal on the sabbath days? that
and fall behind to arrange it once more.  She then broke the lace
20:22 In the fulness of his sufficiency he shall be in straits: every
than himself."
and I am fully aware of the value of the ordinary man in matters of
Thus bad begins and worse remaines behinde
20:21 And the children of Benjamin came forth out of Gibeah, and
Jane is so very great a favourite there.  Whenever she is with us,

bawled--"Bouton-de-Rose, ahoy! are there any of you Bouton-de-Roses
And the streets how their throbbings throbb'd, and the cities pent--
15:12 And he took away the sodomites out of the land, and removed all
Mr. Somerville was pleased with the honest simplicity of this boy, and
a year's residence in her family afforded; and perhaps
"Good!" cried Ahab, with a wild approval in his tones; observing the
brother's house: 1:19 And, behold, there came a great wind from the
seemed quietly eyeing us.  One of these little infants, that from
For in my way it lyes. Starres hide your fires,
9:5 And at the evening sacrifice I arose up from my heaviness; and
even me also, O my father.
on the edge of the crazy table. He read the message, "You must
asketh, and the judge asketh for a reward; and the great man, he
"There she blows! there! there! there! she blows! she blows!"
was so curious to know what it all meant that he couldn't wait another
hill, rivers and streams of waters in the day of the great slaughter,
Marianne's illness, though weakening in its kind,
Hal came out of Mr. Millar's, the confectioner's shop, with a hatful of
country is a good place for little girls."

woman was made whole from that hour.

"I am going to Dublin," said the tailor, "to build a court for the king
but Captain Harville had promised them a visit in the evening;
41:13 Who can discover the face of his garment? or who can come to him
not enjoy themselves much, as a general thing;--no, I never go as a
According to Miss Bates--it all came from her--Mrs. Dixon had
came at last near enough to speak to her.  She felt that something
him, Art thou he that troubleth Israel?  18:18 And he answered, I have
in town, and had a constant dread of meeting them,
Middleton wished it very much.  But mama did not think

eat ye every man of his own vine, and every one of his fig tree, and
Emma had never seen her look so well, so lovely, so engaging.
side lunges near its bottom, so as to scuttle a large hole there;
First his own tools; then, what might else be wrought 

Might by the Soueraigne power you haue of vs,

lest he fall into reproach and the snare of the devil.
Bethel.
"Comrade Gregory has told us, in only too apologetic a tone, that
care-free license and ease, the almost frantic democracy of those
servant with the sword.
contrived to find his way back to bed, he could by no means undress
As a result , although we still make use of this distinction , there is much confusion as to the meaning of the basic terms employed . Just what is meant by `` spirit '' and by `` matter '' ? ? The terms are generally taken for granted as though they referred to direct and axiomatic elements in the common experience of all . Yet in the contemporary context this is precisely what one must not do . For in the modern world neither `` spirit '' nor `` matter '' refer to any generally agreed-upon elements of experience . We are in a transitional stage in which many of the connotations of former usage have had to be revised or rejected . When the words are used , we are never sure which of the traditional meanings the user may have in mind , or to what extent his revisions and rejections of former understandings correspond to ours . One of the most widespread features of contemporary thought is the almost universal disbelief in the reality of spirit . Just a few centuries ago the world of spirits was as populous and real as the world of material entities . Not only in popular thought but in that of the highly educated as well was this true . Demons , fairies , angels , and a host of other spiritual beings were as much a part of the experiential world of western man as were rocks and trees and stars . In such a world the words `` matter '' and `` spirit '' both referred to directly known realities in the common experience of all . In it important elements of Christianity and of the Biblical view of reality in general , which now cause us much difficulty , could be responded to quite naturally and spontaneously . The progress of science over these last few centuries and the gradual replacement of Biblical by scientific categories of reality have to a large extent emptied the spirit world of the entities which previously populated it . In carrying out this program science has undoubtedly performed a very considerable service for which it can claim due credit . The objectification of the world of spirit in popular superstition had certainly gone far beyond what the experience of spirit could justify or support . Science is fully competent to deal with any element of experience which arises from an object in space and time . When , therefore , it turned its attention to the concrete entities with which popular imagination had peopled the world of spirit , these entities soon lost whatever status they had enjoyed as actual elements of external reality . In doing so science has unquestionably cleared up widespread misconceptions , removed extraneous and illusory sources of fear , and dispelled many undesirable popular superstitions . There have been , indeed , many important and valuable gains from the development of our present scientific view of the world for which we may be rightly grateful . All this has not , however , been an unmixed blessing . The scientific debunking of the spirit world has been in a way too successful and too thorough . The house has been swept so clean that contemporary man has been left with no means , or at best with wholly inadequate means , for dealing with his experience of spirit . Although the particular form of conceptualization which popular imagination had made in response to the experience of spirit was undoubtedly defective , the raw experience itself which led to such excesses remains with us as vividly as ever . We simply find ourselves in the position of having no means for inquiring into the structure and meaning of this range of our experience . There is no framework or structure of thought with respect to which we can organize it and no part of reality , as we know and apprehend it , with respect to which we can refer this experience . Science has simply left us helpless and powerless in this important sector of our lives . The situation in which we find ourselves is brought out with dramatic force in Arthur Miller's play The Crucible , which deals with the Salem witch trials . As the play opens the audience is introduced to the community of Salem in Puritan America at the end of the eighteenth century . Aside from a quaint concern with witches and devils which provides the immediate problem in the opening scene , it is a quite normal community . The conversation of the characters creates an atmosphere suggesting the usual mixture of pleasures , foibles , irritations , and concerns which would characterize the common life of a normal village in any age . There is no occasion to feel uneasy or disturbed about these people . Instead , the audience can sit back at ease and , from the perspective of an enlightened time which no longer believes in such things , enjoy the dead seriousness with which the characters in the play take the witches and devils which are under discussion . A teenage girl , Abigail Williams , is being sharply questioned by her minister uncle , the Reverend Samuel Parris , about a wild night affair in the woods in which she and some other girls had seemed to have had contact with these evil beings . For all involved in this discussion the devil is a real entity who can really be confronted in the woods on a dark night , the demon world is populated with real creatures , and witches actually can be seen flying through the air . As the play unfolds , however , the audience is subtly brought into the grip of an awful evil which grows with ominously gathering power and soon engulfs the community . Everyone in Salem , saint and sinner alike , is swept up by it . It is like a mysterious epidemic which , starting first with Abigail and Parris , spreads inexorably with a dreadfully growing virulence through the whole town until all have been infected by it . It grows terribly and unavoidably in power and leaves in its wake a trail of misery , moral disintegration , and destruction . The audience leaves the play under a spell , It is the kind of spell which the exposure to spirit in its living active manifestation always evokes . If one asks about this play , what it is that comes upon this community and works within it with such terrible power , there is no better answer to give than `` spirit '' . This is not to attempt to say what spirit is , but only to employ a commonly used word to designate or simply identify a common experience . In the end the good man , John Proctor , expresses what the audience has already come to feel when he says , `` A fire , a fire is burning ! ! I hear the boot of Lucifer , I see his filthy face '' ! ! The tragic irony of the play is that the very belief in and concern with a devil who could be met in the woods and combatted with formulae set out in books was the very thing that prevented them from detecting the real devil when he came among them . We marvel at their blindness for not seeing this . Yet are not we of the mid-twentieth century , who rightly do not believe there is any such `` thing '' as the devil , just as bad off as they -- only in a different way ? ? In our disbelief we think that we can no longer even use the word and so are unable to even name the elemental power which is so vividly real in this play . We are left helpless to cope with it because we do not dare speak of it as anything real for fear that to do so would imply a commitment to that which has already been discredited and proved false . Even Mr. Miller himself seems uncertain on this score . In a long commentary which he has inserted in the published text of the first act of the play , he says at one point : `` However , that experience never raised a doubt in his mind as to the reality of the underworld or the existence of Lucifer's many-faced lieutenants . And his belief is not to his discredit . Better minds than Hale's were -- and still are -- convinced that there is a society of spirits beyond our ken '' . ( page 33 ) On the other hand , a little later on he says : `` Since 1692 a great but superficial change has wiped out God's beard and the Devil's horns , but the world is still gripped between two diametrically opposed absolutes . The concept of unity , in which positive and negative are attributes of the same force , in which good and evil are relative , ever-changing , and always joined to the same phenomenon -- such a concept is still reserved to the physical sciences and to the few who have grasped the history of ideas . When we see the steady and methodical inculcation into humanity of the idea of man's worthlessness -- until redeemed -- the necessity of the Devil may become evident as a weapon , a weapon designed and used time and time again in every age to whip men into a surrender to a particular church or church-state '' . ( page 34 ) Apparently he does not intend that those who read or view this play should think of the devil as being actually real . Yet such is the dramatic power of his writing that the audience is nevertheless left in the grip of the terrible power and potency of that which came over Salem . It casts a spell upon them so that they leave with a feeling of having been in the mysterious presence of an evil power . It is not enough in accounting for this feeling to analyze it into the wickedness of individual people added together to produce a cumulative effect . For this does not account for the integral , elemental power of that which grows with abounding vigor as the play unfolds , nor does it explain the strange numinous sense of presentness which comes over those who watch the play like a spell . The reality of spirit emerges in this play in spite of the author's convictions to the contrary . Spirit and community There is nothing in the whole range of human experience more widely known and universally felt than spirit . Apart from spirit there could be no community , for it is spirit which draws men into community and gives to any community its unity , cohesiveness , and permanence . Think , for example , of the spirit of the Marine Corps . Surely this is a reality we all acknowledge . We cannot , of course , assign it any substance . It is not material and is not a `` thing '' occupying space and time . Yet it exists and has an objective reality which can be experienced and known . So it is too with many other spirits which we all know : the spirit of Nazism or Communism , school spirit , the spirit of a street corner gang or a football team , the spirit of Rotary or the Ku Klux Klan . Every community , if it is alive has a spirit , and that spirit is the center of its unity and identity . In searching for clues which might lead us to a fresh apprehension of the reality of spirit , the close connection between spirit and community is likely to prove the most fruitful . For it is primarily in community that we know and experience spirit . It is spirit which gives life to a community and causes it to cohere . It is the spirit which is the source of a community's drawing power by means of which others are drawn into it from the world outside so that the community grows and prospers . Yet the spirit which lives in community is not identical with the community . The idea of community and the idea of spirit are two distinct and separable ideas . One characteristic of the spirit in community is its givenness . The members of the community do not create the spirit but rather find it present and waiting for them . It is for them a given which they and they alone possess . The spirit of the Marine Corps was present and operative before any of the present members of it came into it . It is they , of course , who keep it alive and preserve it so the same spirit will continue to be present in the Corps for future recruits to find as they come into it .
is by the entry of the east gate, and proclaim there the words that I


When all preliminaries were over and Peleg had got everything ready
That we may so suffice his vengeful ire, 
thought something of.--The two last dances before supper were begun,
146:9 The LORD preserveth the strangers; he relieveth the fatherless
"You do the man a wrong after all.  Understand, I've no reason


the bowsprit beneath, caught sight of the down-coming monster just as

"How do you know?" asked the professor, staring.
hurry to Highbury, after breakfast, and take leave of the few
To outface me with leaping in her Graue?
or even the attentive daughter.
offering: as ye do the heave offering of the threshingfloor, so shall
"That's the lady's bell, and we must go," said the blunt chimney-sweeper.

and what shall be after him, who can tell him?  10:15 The labour of
without any embellishment of tenderness to lead the
efforts to identify, transcribe and proofread public domain

Wheel.  (to Burs.).  Impossible!--impossible! You know Mr. Finsbury will
     "Or on the seat," said Flambeau, and pointed to the little table.
enemies, which shall spoil them, and take them, and carry them to
and one man among them was clothed with linen, with a writer's inkhorn
smiling and motionless meditation, at the end of which he said
Affection that will not be gainsay'd, the sense of what is real, the
While scornfully laugh'd many an arrogant lord off against us encamp'd,


Her love made no answer; and after slightly bowing
keep my name in remembrance: and he called the pillar after his own
however, he seemed to use very sparingly, having the simple tastes
thousand miles down, I think--' (for, you see, Alice had learnt several

Authority and Reason on her wait, 

the sea.'
her income.  Few people of common prudence will do THAT;
"Why do you sigh, mother?"

he shook her heartily and gratefully by the hand, and entered
LORD, to walk after the LORD, and to keep his commandments and his
and peril, something worse was expressed than mere weakness,
said, 'God will remember.'
about the band. I only said that I liked Wagner played well."
called Caiaphas, 26:4 And consulted that they might take Jesus by
were still stern. No smell of ale or orchards could make the

He replied with his accustomary mildness to all
                 (Rory pushes Lord J. and Talbot with his elbows.)
there was a fire on the hearth burning before him.
Archer's watch-chain.  He was the only person in the company who had a
2:16 For the LORD, the God of Israel, saith that he hateth putting
Turnbull remained silent, and MacIan said to him, looking once
9:53 And they did not receive him, because his face was as though he

with his Son Jesus Christ.
thou shalt not make to thyself any graven image; thou shalt not
mind, and with many tears, and temptations, which befell me by the


without waiting at all, and his horse seeming to have got a cold,


of the beasts: 14:16 Though these three men were in it, as I live,
How busied, in what form and posture couched. 
   Mal. If such a one be fit to gouerne, speake:
every man his handmaid, whom ye had set at liberty at their pleasure,


shall consume him; it shall go ill with him that is left in his
He could stand it no longer, but ran across to the path, turned
By and by, another day, Epaminondas went to see his Auntie again, and;
Fairfax's handwriting.
alliance for him, as most unequal and degrading.  Her way was clear,
But the spine.  For that, the best way we can consider it is, with a
astonishment; "is it you, Mr. Hardy?" repeated he, holding the light to
"Cow!" said Anne, "I see no cow."
    myself and looking composedly down,)


she had particular pleasure, from the circumstance of the late
image that Nebuchadnezzar had set up.
ranges: and whoso followeth her, let him be slain with the sword. For
the Heavenly Father had sent with the Holy Babe His blessings of Peace
make them to sit down to meat, and will come forth and serve them.
In mean estate live moderate; till, grown 
That I with you must dwell, or you with me 
valorous but not desperate; like his master, he was even
the conclusion of every imaginary declaration on his side was that she
But signes of Noblenesse, like Starres, shall shine
for his disappointment."
by an equality, that now at this time your abundance may be a supply
And where tents are pitch'd, and wherever you see south and south-
though perfectly admitting the truth of her representation,
"Yes, it sounds funny," said father; "but, you see, the birch tree is
well-groomed coarseness which is not uncommon in young doctors. He
lay flat and gleaming a yard or so away.

22:20 He that sacrificeth unto any god, save unto the LORD only, he
have looked better than the great garden of the desert valley. And from
24:27 Now concerning his sons, and the greatness of the burdens laid
the biggest of all impossibilities.  I know your husband only slightly,
thereof.
 Beneath them sit the aged man, wise guardians of the poor.


of judgment and justice in a province, marvel not at the matter: for
the imprudence of the arrangement quite as keenly as Lady Russell.
the door in the garden, he added in a husky, confidential voice:
thee, even in the latter days, if thou turn to the LORD thy God, and


9:17 And God said unto Noah, This is the token of the covenant, which
10:32 These are the families of the sons of Noah, after their
without the hope of amendment.  Her mind was so much weakened
any more.  My scotcher will do without anything else, I hope.  I wish it
in the gloom, Syme knew two things: first, that it came from a man
FARMER BROWN'S BOY FEELS HIS HAIR RISE
4:10 For they shall eat, and not have enough: they shall commit

2:8 Then said Boaz unto Ruth, Hearest thou not, my daughter? Go not to
and rather sentimentally recited, that well-known charade,
nations; 14:2 That these made war with Bera king of Sodom, and with

    the rise and fall of the arms forcing the water,
and evil will befall you in the latter days; because ye will do evil
"It is a garden where you have all the things that make nice salad,"
voyage, as they called it (that is, a short whaling-voyage in a
his merits.  She felt that his influence over her mind
the ancient high places are ours in possession: 36:3 Therefore
reason of a violent storm; and drifting far away to leeward, be
"That's quite unnecessary; I see Jane every day:--but as you like.
before it's done.'

that every imagination of the thoughts of his heart was only evil
they should lose neither consequence nor enjoyment by settling there.

6:11 Therefore the heart of the king of Syria was sore troubled for
and the bread, which she had prepared, into the hand of her son Jacob.
it, as alike parts of a pure and marmoreal antiquity.  And in the
through a form of election; but I don't mind telling you that it is
to talk it over; what my brother Hayter had said one day,
against him, and we shall take our revenge on him.
aboriginal groves of the Lackaday islands, and from these dark planks
very treacherously, and wast called a transgressor from the womb.
       With the life-long love of comrades.

any word of exhortation for the people, say on.

indirectly comprised many minor contingencies, all partaking of this
half Greek, half Asiatic, who in the days when slavery seemed
if you do not make haste.  They are parting; they are shaking hands.
16:3 And in the morning, It will be foul weather to day: for the sky
Henrietta was consigned, for, though partially revived,
some guess at what Miss Somers meant."
morning.  In most other parts of the ocean, however, where these fish
And to those whose war-vessels sank in the sea!
25:7 But there came a man of God to him, saying, O king, let not the
All Flaxen was his Pole:
plough, and looking back, is fit for the kingdom of God.
a warmth which left her no inclination for checking this
XIX. THE LAST PARLEY
chimney-sweeper, where is he?" said Frederick, looking round; and he ran
by devils and nearly--"
where Ahab's chances of accomplishing his object have hitherto been
seats; the Professor was just mounting to his. Gogol, or Tuesday,
field.
Shunning, postponing severance--seeking to ward off the last word
heard announcing that silvery, moon-lit jet, every reclining mariner
14:18 And Melchizedek king of Salem brought forth bread and wine: and
at Hartfield.  No, you shall send it to Hartfield, if you please.
years, to be computed from the first day of May then next ensuing.  Now,


Fancying how happy you were if I could be with you and become your comrade;
I have not had so many opportunities of estimating the minuter
28:33 And beneath upon the hem of it thou shalt make pomegranates of
28:18 And Jesus came and spake unto them, saying, All power is given
18:31 For who is God save the LORD? or who is a rock save our God?
hand the LORD brought us out from Egypt, from the house of bondage:
no scruple in urging him to the utmost.--She had such a regard
because they are spiritually discerned.
40:11 And he measured the breadth of the entry of the gate, ten
barbaric; but he looked the Marquis. Indeed, one might say that he

body and Starbuck's coerced will were Ahab's, so long as Ahab kept
in dear little Dublin.  Come, strike up a dance.
one jot advance his grand, monomaniac object.  Very soon you would
The weather continued much the same all the following morning;
servant answered Saul again, and said, Behold, I have here at hand the
I should like to join you very much, I am very fond of a long walk;"
thine enemies, until ye take away the accursed thing from among you.
a most comfortless visit, and of their all missing her very much.
You had made your own choice.  It was not forced on you.
this is something like, this is telling one the thing one wants to know,
of Israel, because he hath glorified thee.

Mamma says HE was in love with your sister too.--
Fond! were it not in hope of thy reply: 
 Old John, with white hair,
sinned, and have committed iniquity, and have done wickedly, and have
and fell before David on her face, and bowed herself to the ground,
The vast Central Valley of California is one of the most productive agricultural areas in the world . During the summer of 1960 , it became the setting for a bitter and basic labor-management struggle . The contestants in this economic struggle are the Agricultural Workers Organizing Committee ( AWOC ) of the AFL-CIO and the agricultural employers of the State . By virtue of the legal responsibilities of the Department of Employment in the farm placement program , we necessarily found ourselves in the middle between these two forces . It is not a pleasant or easy position , but one we have endeavored to maintain . We have sought to be strictly neutral as between the parties , but at the same time we have been required frequently to rule on specific issues or situations as they arose . Inevitably , one side was pleased and the other displeased , regardless of how we ruled . Often the displeased parties interpreted our decision as implying favoritism toward the other . We have consoled ourselves with the thought that this is a normal human reaction and is one of the consequences of any decision in an adversary proceeding . It is disconcerting , nevertheless , to read in a labor weekly , `` Perluss knuckles down to growers '' , and then to be confronted with a growers' publication which states , `` Perluss recognizes obviously phony and trumped-up strikes as bona fide '' . For a number of years , there have been sporadic attempts in California to organize farm workers . These attempts met with little sucess for a variety of reasons . They were inadequately financed , without experienced leadership , and lacked the general support of organized labor as a whole . This past year the pattern has been different : The organizing program had the full support of the AFL-CIO , which supplied staff and money to the AWOC , as well as moral support . Leadership was experienced and skillful , and financial resources were significant . Regardless of where personal sympathies may lie as between the parties , failure to recognize these changed conditions would be to ignore the facts of life . As a result of these changed conditions , the impact of the organizational effort on agricultural labor-management relations has been much greater than in the past . The AWOC has been able to employ the traditional weapons of labor -- the strike and the picket line -- with considerable success , particularly in the area of wages . By the very nature of the situation , it is the union which has been able to select the time and place to bring pressure upon management . To date , at least , the strategy of the AWOC has been selective ; ; that is to say , to concentrate on a particular crop or activity in a particular area at a strategic time , rather than any broadside engagement with management throughout an area or the State . Primarily , we became involved in these disputes because of our referral obligations under our farm placement program . Normally , because agricultural labor is not covered by unemployment insurance , we would not expect any issues to arise regarding benefit payments under the trade dispute provision of the Unemployment Insurance Code , although such a situation is quite within the realm of possibility . But the current issues arose out of the Wagner-Peyser Act concerning referrals to an establishment where a labor dispute exists , and out of Public Law 78 and the Migrant Labor Agreement if Mexican nationals were employed at the ranch . Most of us remember and think of the Wagner-Peyser Act in its historical sense , as a major milestone in the development of public placement services . Infrequently do we think of it as a living , continuing , operating control over the system . However , when labor disputes arise , its provisions come clearly into play . California has accepted the provisions of that Act ( as have all other States ) by enacting into our Code ( Section 2051 ) a provision that The State of California accepts the provisions of the Wagner-Peyser Act , and will observe and comply with the requirements of that act . With respect to labor disputes , the Wagner-Peyser Act states only , In carrying out the provisions of this Act , the Secretary is authorized and directed to provide for the giving of notice of strikes or lock-outs to applicants before they are referred to employment . Other provisions of the Act empower the Secretary to adopt regulations necessary to carry out its provisions , and he has done so . The pertinent regulation for our purposes is Section 602.2 ( , ) , as follows : Referrals in labor dispute situations . No person shall be referred to a position the filling of which will aid directly or indirectly in filling a job which ( 1 ) is vacant because the former occupant is on strike or is being locked out in the course of a labor dispute , or ( 2 ) the filling of which is an issue in a labor dispute . With respect to positions not covered by subparagraph ( 1 ) or ( 2 ) of this paragraph , any individual may be referred to a place of employment in which a labor dispute exists , provided he is given written notice of such dispute prior to or at the time of his referral . In analyzing this regulation , let us take the last sentence first . It permits referrals under certain circumstances even when there is a labor dispute , provided the individual is given written notice of such a dispute . Assume , for example , a situation where a farm has a packing shed and fields . The packing shed workers go on strike . There is no dispute involving fieldwork . We concluded that we may refer workers to the fieldwork ( but not the packing shed work ) provided we give them written notice of the packing shed dispute . So far , no troublesome cases have arisen under this provision . It is the first part of the Regulation that is currently at issue . Note that it prohibits referrals under either condition ( 1 ) or condition ( 2 ) . Employer representatives have contended that the Secretary has gone beyond his authority by such a prohibition , on the grounds that the Wagner-Peyser Act requires only written notice to the prospective worker that a dispute exists . Into court The matter got into the courts this way : One of the early strikes called by the AWOC was at the DiGiorgio pear orchards in Yuba County . We found that a labor dispute existed , and that the workers had left their jobs , which were then vacant because of the dispute . Accordingly , under clause ( 1 ) of the Secretary's Regulation , we suspended referrals to the employer . ( Incidentally , no Mexican nationals were involved . ) The employer , seeking to continue his harvest , challenged our right to cease referrals to him , and sought relief in the Superior Court of Yuba County . The court issued a temporary restraining order , directing us to resume referrals . We , of course , obeyed the court order . However , the Attorney General of California , at the request of the Secretary of Labor , sought to have the jurisdiction over the issue removed to the Federal District Court , on grounds that it was predominantly a Federal issue since the validity of the Secretary's Regulation was being challenged . However , the Federal Court held that since the State had accepted the provisions of the Wagner-Peyser Act into its own Code , and presumably therefore also the regulations , it was now a State matter . It accordingly refused to assume jurisdiction , whereupon the California Superior Court made the restraining order permanent . Under that order , we have continued referring workers to the ranch . A similar case arose at the Bowers ranch in Butte County , and the Superior Court of that county issued similar restraining orders . The growers have strenuously argued that I should have accepted the Superior Court decisions as conclusive and issued statewide instructions to our staff to ignore this provision in the Secretary's Regulation . I cannot accept that view , either as a lawyer or as an administrator . Legal considerations First , let us examine briefly some of the legal considerations involved . It is an accepted juridical principle in California that a Superior Court decision does not constitute a binding legal precedent . It is conclusive , unless appealed , only upon the particular parties to the particular action which was heard . It is not binding upon another Superior Court , which could rule to the contrary . Only when a decision is rendered by the District Court of Appeal ( or , of course , the Supreme Court ) is a binding precedent established . In that event , we can correctly say that we have received an authoritative interpretation of the matter , and one which we can follow statewide with confidence that the policy will not be overthrown in other Superior Courts . But over and beyond the compelling need for a binding precedent decision , I am convinced that the decisions of the Superior Courts which in effect nullify the Secretary's Regulation are not a correct interpretation of the Secretary's power under the Federal law . I believe I am in good company in this view . The Attorney General of California concurs in this interpretation and has filed an appeal from these decisions to the District Court of Appeal . The Attorney General of the United States , in considering the power of the Secretary to issue similar regulations under the Wagner-Peyser Act relating to the interstate recruitment of farm workers , has rendered an opinion sustaining his authority . Further , and as an evidence of legislative intent only , the Senate of the United States recently defeated by a substantial majority the `` Holland Amendment '' to the Fair Labor Standards Act , which would have specifically limited the regulatory authority of the Secretary in these matters . Next , let us consider briefly the program and administrative implications of a failure on our part to pursue our appeals . There is far too much at stake for all of the parties concerned to leave the matter hanging in midair . The ramifications of the issue are enormous . A decision to refer workers to jobs vacant because of a strike would have to be applied equally to nonagricultural situations , and might in effect place the public employment services in the position of acting as strikebreakers . The public interest is so dominant in such an issue that I cannot be so presumptuous as to attempt to settle it by an administrative order based upon conclusions reached in a summary action in one or two Superior Courts in the State . It is an issue which may well reach the Supreme Court of the United States before judicial finality is achieved . As an administrator , I cannot place the Employment Service in California in jeopardy of being out of compliance with the Federal laws by my failure to pursue the avenues of appeal open to me . To have applied statewide the decisions of the two cases heard in Superior Court , in my opinion , would have placed us clearly out of compliance with the Wagner-Peyser Act and would have immediately opened the way for the Secretary of Labor , were he so inclined , to notify the Governor of such noncompliance , set a date for hearing , and issue his finding . The impact of noncompliance under the Wagner-Peyser Act is clear : the withdrawal of some $11 million a year of administrative funds which finance our employment service program or , as a corollary , the taking over by the Federal Government of its operation . Thus far , the cases which have come before the courts have involved only the issue of referral where the job is vacant due to a strike -- condition ( 1 ) in the Regulation of the Secretary . None has yet arisen under condition ( 2 ) , relating to referral to jobs `` the filling of which is an issue in a labor dispute '' . Here the problem is essentially one of defining the word `` filling '' . Should it be defined in a narrow sense to include only such elements as job specifications , union membership , union jurisdiction , and the like ? ? Or should it have a broader connotation of including wage demands and other factors not necessarily associated with the mechanics of `` filling '' the job . Because of the uncertainty of this definition , I solicited the interpretation of the Secretary of Labor . He has advised me that the narrower interpretation is the proper one ; ; that is , that if wages , for example , is the only issue in a labor dispute , and no workers have left their jobs because of the dispute , we may continue to make referrals .

strength, the excellency of dignity, and the excellency of power: 49:4
no greater burden than these necessary things; 15:29 That ye abstain
Which holding in trust for me faithfully back again give me many a

"Yes, we are serious about everything," answered Gregory.
1:10 If we say that we have not sinned, we make him a liar, and his
whenever I came to look about me in the ship, it seemed against all
The young men falling in and arming,
pretty little creature, and I am inclined to think very well of
39:29 Neither will I hide my face any more from them: for I have
     A soul confined by bars and bands,
time she found a little bottle on it, ('which certainly was not here
And some the architect. His hand was known 
     Seymour seemed to be listening, elegant and unconscious

said he; "now it is all over."  And now it was all over, there was
Branching so broad and long, that in the ground 
therefore will I play before the LORD.
highest spirits.  "Ain't I written on your heart, old boy?  I say,
Fourth: Stealing unawares upon the whale in the fancied security of
were to come in on the sabbath, with them that were to go out on the
sitting round with their stock of wood before them.  Labourers, and the
ten years.
for my children.  It is all very well, I used to say, for young people

more than you and fill a bigger place in history.  I have been
not into Egypt: know certainly that I have admonished you this day.

as he could, with as little apparent observation.  The word
buriall

     "Your sincere well-wisher, friend, and sister,
(Remember you surging Manhattan's crowds as you pass'd with your
which might otherwise have waited the effect of time
28:7 The LORD shall cause thine enemies that rise up against thee to
119:99 I have more understanding than all my teachers: for thy
are an anarchist, you are a dynamiter! Above all, you are not in
2:24 Now therefore, as the LORD liveth, which hath established me, and
punish heretics. My only doubt is whether we have a right to
he says he will not.  He says he will challenge me to a duel; and
old man in now.

He resolves all tongues into his own and bestows it upon men, and
must be agreeable to them, provided at least they have common sense;
mine head for ever.


15:3 And he did that which was right in the sight of the LORD,
of sacredness.  Moreover, they were afraid of him.  As such a man,



sprang to his feet and was like one who is speechless through
Upon this, I told him that whaling was my own design, and informed
is earthly, and speaketh of the earth: he that cometh from heaven is
Exeunt.
waste.
secured.  This done, the carpenter received orders to have the leg
Prochorus, and Nicanor, and Timon, and Parmenas, and Nicolas a
five hours, the wretched inhabitants of Torre del Greco saw their town
prow for her island haven, that the Town-Ho's leak seemed again

wonder-freighted, tribute-rendering waves had cast upon his shores.
Did it make you ache so, leaving me?
I give thee; reign for ever, and assume 

are paying our visit?"
into the ark, thou, and thy sons, and thy wife, and thy sons' wives
why I allowed such atrocious attentions.  I answer that I could not have
While she was gone, Mr. Knightley called, and sat some time with
Of the wet of woods, of the lapping of waves,
       Wid such a wondrous sight,
7:8 And the sons of Becher; Zemira, and Joash, and Eliezer, and
uninjured takes the jam which would have snapped all their oaken
To spiritual natures; only this I know, 
her on every side; and they shall know that I am the LORD.
   Ham. Whose was it?
    of precedents,



of Baal, to burn their sons with fire for burnt offerings unto Baal,
commanding him to do his bidding.
And yet the pulse of every heart and life throughout the world incessantly,
it is your reward for your service in the tabernacle of the
26:38 Then saith he unto them, My soul is exceeding sorrowful, even
  Hor. Season your admiration for a while

by any body else; but you need not be afraid, they are very small,
4:2 Also he made a molten sea of ten cubits from brim to brim, round
in the momentary conquest of eagerness over judgment, aspired to be
Some drifting helplessly, some with contagious diseases.
proposed removing to Bath in the course of the preceding month,

Nor did wild rumors of all sorts fail to exaggerate, and still the

but he scrambled to his feet in a twinkling, and away he went without
inheritance: and ye shall give them no possession in Israel: I am
unto the door post; and his master shall bore his ear through with an
distance which he went, so that Edmund, by some or other of these little
could the Miss Dashwoods, who were related to him only by
they first come through; you would not think a birch tree could look
replied Elinor, "and so much on the strength of your
doubted whether this course is always the best; for it is but

lambs of the first year sixty. This was the dedication of the altar,
Professor stood up with a pale face and swore that they were the

was a heavy, healthy-looking man, who looked all the larger

A very few days brought the party from London, and she had no
them had ceased.
and even then he kept crying, "Roll me around! roll me around!" His
one way or other.  Poor Brandon! he is quite smitten already,

9:4 For Mordecai was great in the king's house, and his fame went out
alarm which was peculiarly unnecessary, first, because she was an
which Ben gave him; and when he heard the mother and children thank him,
against the rocks, and leaves them there side by side with the split
ME that other and more awful lesson which Jonah teaches to ME, as a
Latin from the books of the Laws of England, which taken along with

37:5 So the servants of king Hezekiah came to Isaiah.
That for six thousand years--and no one knows how many millions of

When James Turnbull had the glittering sword-point planted upon
not the things that be of God, but the things that be of men.
say the scribes that Christ is the son of David?  12:36 For David
every thing that Lucy wished.  Her flattery had already
country of Benjamin in Zelah, in the sepulchre of Kish his father: and


head, and stand a look-out there, with the same precision as if it
village but a few miles out of town, where we have our vineyard), you
extravagant and vain--Extravagance and vanity had made him


Mrs. Talb.  Fine talking, dear Louisa!
In the course of a second visit she talked with great openness,

Lord, and touch not the unclean thing; and I will receive you.
10:20 My tabernacle is spoiled, and all my cords are broken: my
I assert, then, that in the wondrous bodily whiteness of the bird
shall eat of it.
the slayer shall return into the land of his possession.
15:3 And I will appoint over them four kinds, saith the LORD: the
of Kedar!
 
2:5 And if thy oblation be a meat offering baken in a pan, it shall be
Forsook them, when themselves they vilified 
"As to that," said Archer, "he is your friend, and you are right to

     10
children of Israel.
cataleptic stare and horrible silence which he had confronted in